


My Paper Heart

by 71star



Category: Twilight
Genre: Hurt-Comfort, Romance
Language: English
Status: In-Progress
Published: 2014-11-16
Updated: 2016-12-31
Packaged: 2017-02-23 18:51:47
Rating: M
Chapters: 20
Words: 30,348
Publisher: www.fanfiction.net
Story URL: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10830881/1/
Author URL: https://www.fanfiction.net/u/1908683/71star
Summary: Bella leaves Forks for Florida after Edward cheats on her and spends a year with her mom healing. In comes her White Knight in the form of Jasper Whitlock to help heal her Paper Heart.





	1. Chapter 1

My Paper Heart

Chapter 1

_So bottle up old love, throw it out to sea  
Watch it away as you cry  
A year has passed  
The seasons go_

_~All American Rejects_

"I'm going to miss you so much Bella." My mom hugged me at the check in counter of the airport.

"I'm going to miss you and Phil more, this past year has been healing." I took a deep breath.

"You've been through more than any 16 year old should ever have to have been through this past year." She squeezed my hands.

"Tell me about it. The only good thing is I'll be going back as a senior, that'll surprise a lot of people and piss off a few too." I shrugged.

"You just go back there with your head held high baby. Don't worry about Edward and Jessica. Hopefully your brother has gotten his head out of his ass as well, although it doesn't sound promising from what your dad said the other day. He's mad because you're getting a car when you get home." She shook her head.

"He doesn't realize I worked for half that car?" I asked.

"I guess your dad didn't think it was any of his business, especially since he was being such a jerk about it." My mom smiled.

"Ugh, maybe I should just stay here and take care of the house, then you don't have to sell." I hinted.

"Aw baby. It'll be OK. You're strong. You can do this. Alice is waiting with your dad at the airport and you KNOW she is excited to see you. Besides dad and me, she's the only one who knows what happened, right? So at least you've got someone to talk to if you need to." She hugged me one more time.

"Thanks mom, I love you. You too Phil." He gave me a big hug.

"Bella, I've opened an account with the money you earned and a little extra, don't argue or be proud, got it. Use it. Get a good safe car and have a great senior year and know that we're proud of you and we'll help with any college needs as well, no jobs while in school this year." He looked at me sternly.

"Yes sir." I smiled and hugged them both one more time before heading for my gate.

A few hours later I was landing at Sea Tac airport and looking for my dad, not seeing him, but I saw a huge sign saying "Welcome Home Bella" which was being held by no other than my best friend Alice.

I walked up and pulled the sign away and she screamed.

"BELLA!" she screeched, anyone in close proximity probably has bleeding ears.

"Alice!" I squeezed her tight and we stood there crying until a throat cleared.

I looked up and glared, Jasper Whitlock. One of my brothers best friends and Alice's cousin.

"What do you want Whitlock." I snapped.

"Nice to see you too Bella." He said rather nicely.

"Bella, no need to be rude." Alice slapped my arm.

"Sorry, I'm very… Nervous about being back." I sighed.

"I should have text you and told you of the change, but it was very last minute. You dad got called into work and asked if I had someone else who could bring me." She sighed.

"Because my own brother wouldn't come get me." My traitor tears started.

"I sorry." She hugged me tight.

"He'll change his mind now that you're back, just talk to him." Jasper offered.

"Thanks for the advice. But he hasn't talked to me once in the year I've been gone, except to tell me what a selfish bitch I was to leave his friend and embarrass him over something so trivial. If only he knew what his friend said and did to me. But he didn't want to hear that, he told me I was overreacting and needed to grow up. He doesn't know how much I had to grow up this past year because of everything that Edward did to me and all the pain and hurt he caused me. And Edward never once called to try and apologize for cheating, so I know he never really cared, it was all about sleeping with me." I wiped away my tears and started walking to baggage claim.

"Bella!" Jasper called out.

I stopped and took a deep breath.

"Look, I don't know what all happened, but whatever it was Edward was obviously the asshole in the situation and Emmett is not much better. I know Alice has been miserable this past year, the only time she was happy was when she went to visit you, but she came back twice as sad. I don't know what happened, but she walked up the following Monday on school and slapped Edward across the face, leaving him stunned and her and Jessica getting into a knock down drag out in the cafeteria that day because Alice left a nice handprint on Edward's face." Jasper smiled.

"She never told me that." I smiled.

"Yeah, it was pretty epic." Jasper hugged his cousin.

"Hey, I was standing up for my best friend." Alice smiled.

"Thanks Pixie." I smiled.

We got my bags, my boxes were due to arrive tomorrow, we didn't want them to arrive without me there, and no telling what Emmett would do to them.

"Are you girl's hungry?" Jasper asked.

"Famished. I couldn't eat before I left." I shrugged.

"Alright I know the perfect place." He smiled.

We made small talk as we drove.

"So, why are you talking to me Jasper? You're one of Emmett's and Edward's friends." I wondered.

"I know when my cousin is hurting and I believe her. They maybe my friends on the field, but out of school, we don't really hang that much anymore. It's usually Alice and I." he shrugged.

"You're not friends with Rose? On the cheer squad?" I asked.

"Nope." She popped the "p".

"Rose and Jessica are BFF's now. I don't know. And it's going to suck, you're all senior's next year, I'll still be a junior." She sighed.

"I'm sorry. I had to do something with my time." I smiled sadly and had to stop myself from my old habit.

"I know. No worries, I almost feel worse for you. You'll have classes with all of them." She shivered.

"None with Emmett or Jessica, thank goodness. Maybe Rose and I know ALL with Edward, he's in all AP classes." I sighed.

"I am too Bella. I'll look out for you." He smiled and Alice beamed and bounced.

"T-Thanks." I looked down at my food like it was the best stuff in the world.

"Can I say something without sounding crazy?" Jasper asked.

"I guess." I shrugged.

"Well, I don't know what you did in Florida. But it worked for you. You look great, healthier.

You're not the skinny, stick girl who left. You look more… I don't know, womanly." He laughed. "I don't know how to put it, but better, just… maybe it's your mom's cooking?" he asked, and I laughed.

"Jasper, my mom couldn't cook if her life depended on it. I still cooked." I smiled.

"I started working out though, so maybe because I have muscle now?" I asked.

"That's it." He smiled.

I had to I thought to myself, I couldn't come back here looking the way I did, that's for sure.

"And your hair… it's great too. I love that you let it get so long." He blushed and looked down.

Shit! He's flirting with me. I looked up to Alice with huge eyes and she's all smiles. And I'm making a cutting motion across my neck and she's shaking her head.

She laughs and the tension is broken.

"Sorry about that, I tend to just come out and say what I mean. Um, if you need a work out partner, I go to a great gym and it's not overly crowded…" he left it hanging.

"That'd actually be great. I hadn't thought about where I was going to go once I got back home." I smiled.

"Good. Let's exchange numbers?" he asked.

"I'll be right back." Alice smiled.

We both nodded as Alice went to the bathroom.

A few seconds later I hear the voice I'd been dreading for over a year.

"Whoa! Whitlock's finally got himself a date? Someone caught your attention after Maria dumped your ass." Edward asked.

"Looks like you kept the trash after I dumped you." I stood up and faced him, I knew it was now or never and the rage on his face proved I'd been successful.

"What the fuck Whitlock. Taking my sloppy seconds?" Edward snapped.

Jasper stood up to defend me, but I stopped him.

"Really Edward? You're dating Jessica who's been with EVERYONE and you're calling ME a sloppy second? Better than dipping it in the ALL YOU CAN EAT BUFFETT." I smirked and walked into Jasper's side, he wrapped his arm around my waist and wow it felt amazing we locked eyes and smiled.

"Emmett will not be happy with you Whitlock." He spat.

"And I'm not asking his permission." He stared him down. "All that matters is that Bella is happy and safe." He smiled.

"I think I will be." I wrapped my arm around him and raised an eyebrow at Edward who stormed out of the restaurant.

"What the hell did I miss?" Alice asked. "Hello?"

She snapped her fingers to get our attention, we were still staring at each other.

We told her and she was laughing.

"So are you two like a couple now?" She's smiling and bouncing as we eat, I'm now sitting beside Jasper.

"I don't know?" I look at Jasper. "It's kind of fast. I don't even know you, really." I shrugged.

"Well, we'll get to know one another." He grabbed my hand placing a kiss on it. "I feel the need to protect you. Please say yes." He smiled.

"Yes." I kissed his cheek and Alice shrieked again.

"I need to call my dad, I'll be right back." Jasper squeezed my hand and I walked right outside the door.

"_Forks PD Chief Swan how can I help you?" my dad._

"_Hey daddy!" I smiled._

"_Bells! How was your flight? I'm so sorry I couldn't get there. Did Alice get there?" he asked worried._

"_Yes, Jasper brought her." I smiled._

"_Is he being nice to you?" he demanded._

"_Yes, he's not on the Edward boat. We actually just had a run in with him." I told my dad everything. _

"_Are you sure you're ready? After everything?" he asked._

"_I do. I've been alone for over a year. And I know he was recently hurt too. I don't think Alice would be excited of she thought he was going to hurt me. He's also going to take me to his gym." I smiled at that._

"_Good. I know you've enjoyed that. It's helped you more than therapy." I smiled into the phone._

"_Yeah it really did." My voice cracking._

"_Do you think you'd tell him?" he was serious._

"_I do. But not right away. It'd have to be serious. You know?" I wiped away a tear._

"_Of course, because it'll affect your future. In big ways." He sighed._

"_Yes." I agreed._

"_OK. Get back to your friends. Did Phil give your bank information?" he asked._

"_Yes. And the house keys you sent. I've also got cash to buy stuff for my room, thanks for painting it and putting a lock on my room, it's sad I can't trust my brother. I'm going to go get a few things before we head home and we're going car shopping this weekend, right?" I asked._

"_Yes baby girl, Jake is coming with us. He missed you." My dad smiled and I groaned._

"_Dad." I whined._

"_As the mechanic." He defended himself._

"_It's going to be a brand new car." I sighed._

"_Well then for companionship." He chuckled and I groaned._

"_Love you Bells." He laughed and hung up._

I walked back in just as Jasper was paying.

"I was supposed to pay, you came to get me." I whined.

"I'm a gentleman. A woman never pays." I rolled my eyes.

"Seriously Bella, he won't even let me buy gum." Alice laughed.

"Do you feel like shopping? I have to buy stuff for my bedroom. Dad got it repainted, but I want all new bedding, you know?" I looked at them.

"We understand. When Maria moved, I burnt all my sheets and every shirt she ever gave me." He shrugged.

Alice and I looked at each other.

"What? I was hurt!" he defended himself. "She didn't move with her parents she moved with her boyfriend. She divorced her parents, they were never around and said it was neglect, so her new 30 year old boyfriend said he could care for her." He shrugged.

I rubbed his back.

"I'm sorry." I had no idea.

"It's OK. I found out she'd been cheating on me for a few months, I made sure I got tested, even though I always used protection, you never know." He shivered.

"That I do know. You never know." I smiled sadly.

He squeezed my hand.

"Let's go shopping." Alice smiled.

We hit the Port Angeles mall and we weren't even there for half an hour and we see Jessica and Lauren.

"Oh my! Edward was telling the truth, you are back." She snarled.

"Yes I am Jessica." I smiled.

"You're fat now." She laughed.

"Oh am I? I thought this was called muscle? Jasper?" I asked.

"Yes babe. It is muscle." He ran his hand down my arm.

"Whatever." She mumbled.

"Come on, let's finish shopping girls." Jasper pulled Alice and I along.

We walked off and laughed, they were left standing there stunned.

After 3 hours of shopping we had my new bedroom stuff and a few new outfits.

Plus plans for me to go to Alice and Jasper's family cookout this weekend.

"What kind of car do you plan on getting tomorrow?" Jasper asked.

"I'm thinking of a small SUV. I think it'll be the best, safest here." I smiled.

"I agree. Do you have a price limit?" he asked.

"If it were up to my mom and Phil, they'd buy me a Volvo or Mercedes." I laughed. "But I wouldn't let them, I'm using half the money I earned while I worked in Florida." I smiled.

"That's cool." Jasper swung our entwined hands between us.

We headed home and the closer we got the more nervous I got.

"Hey, it'll be OK. We can stay with you. No worries." Alice squeezed my shoulder.

"Thanks." I sighed.

We pulled up and luckily Emmett's Jeep wasn't there.

"I've got the bags, you go unlock the house." Jasper told us.

Alice and I went together, she knew how nervous I was.

I turned on the lights and breathed a sigh of relief, everything was the same, except the new TV.

I'm sure the gift certificate Phil and mom and sent him for Christmas had been put to good use, I'd have to let mom know.

Jasper came in with his hands full and followed us up the stairs.

I unlocked my room and was surprised at the sight.

It was a blank canvas, I loved my dad.

My desk, bed and rocking chair were there, but devoid of any and all reminders, I noticed he'd also gave me an addition that he didn't tell me about, I now had my own bathroom.

I walked inside, slid to the floor and cried.

I placed my hand on my stomach, a reflex from this past year and cried.

Alice comes in and wraps herself around me, crying with me.

"Are you OK?" Jasper came in and sat in front of me, wiping my tears.

"Yes, no." I cried.

"I'll put your bed together." Alice untangled herself and left us there.

"Thanks Alice." Jasper whispered.

"Do you want to talk?" he asked.

"Not really. It's still too raw." I shook my head.

"OK, I won't push. Just know I'm here if you ever want too." He held my hands.  
"Thanks." I smiled.

"I take it you didn't know about the bathroom?" he asked.

"No, I had no idea. This is a surprise." I laughed. "My dad." I shook my head.

"I'm finished." Alice popped her head in.

Jasper pulled me up and Alice had my bed made and the pictures we'd chosen hung as well.

"Thanks Alice." I gave her a hug.

"Y'all want some pizza?" Jasper asked. "I'm starving." He patted his stomach.

"Yeah, sounds good. I'll order and pay." I demanded.

"Bella." Jasper tried to argue.

"Nope, no way. You've done too much already. MY treat." I demanded.

"Fine. This time only." He smiled.

We sat at the table laughing and eat pizza, garlic knots and I'd baked cookies while we were waiting so we were munching on those too when we heard keys in the door and I stiffened.

"Whitlock! I heard you've got the hots for my sister. You've got a thing for girls who runaway." Emmett laughs and Jasper stands up.

"My life is none of your concern. And as for your sister leaving, I'm sure she had a good reason, if you were any type of big brother, you would've found out. You wouldn't have abandoned her." Jasper told him.

"You don't know shit Jasper, so don't act like you do." Emmett got in his face.

"I know that whatever she's been through, she's still hurting. So don't fuck with her, because then you're going to have to deal with me." Jasper threatened.

"Edward told me that you liked her, how long have you wanted her? It must have been for a while for you to be this protective." Emmett laughed.

"No, I can just tell she's been deeply hurt by Edward. If you can't see that in her eyes, than you're a shitty big brother." Jasper sat back down.

Emmett stomped upstairs and slammed his door.

"Sorry guys. You shouldn't have to deal with Emmett and Edward too." I shook my head.

"Hey, we're your friends. That's what friends do, help each other." Alice squeezed my hand.

"Do you need us to stay a little longer?" Jasper asked.

"No, I'm actually really tired. I think I'm going to shower and sleep. My dad will be home in about an hour. I know Emmett won't try anything, dad will have his ass." I smiled. "Plus my bedroom door locks." I smiled.

"You're beautiful and smart." Jasper kissed the top of my head. "Call me tomorrow after you're done car shopping?" he asked.

"Of course. Although I believe we'll be at the Rez for dinner." I smiled.

"The Rez?" he asked.

"Yeah, you know we're friends with the Blacks. Jake and I have always been friends." I shrugged.

"Will you let him know that you're taken? I know he's always had a thing for you." Jasper blushed as he asked.

I smiled. "Of course." I squeezed his hand.

They left and I practically ran to my room to try and avoid a confrontation with Emmett, which didn't work.

"So you just think you're going to come back here and once school starts you're going to accepted again?" he asked, arms folded across his chest.

"I don't care if I'm accepted or not Emmett. I've got Alice and Jasper. I don't need anyone else." I told him truthfully.

"And what if Jasper wouldn't have wanted you?" he challenged.

"Then I'd still have Alice." I shrugged.

"She's just a junior, you're going to hang out with a junior all year?" he laughed.

"I don't care. She's my best friend. I'm only a senior because I was homeschooled in Florida." I snapped.

"Oh were you too good for the schools there?" he asked sarcastically.

"No, I was really sick while I was in Florida. You know nothing of what I went through while I was there, so don't pretend too." I snapped and started walking towards my room.

Emmett grabbed my arm and turned me around.

"If you'd fucking talk to me I might!" he yelled.

"Why? All you believe is the shit Edward spews! He matters more to you than your own fucking sister! You think I left because he cheated? Please! Let his dick fall off from her diseases. There's so much more you don't know." I whispered the last part and slid to the floor crying, hands on my stomach.

My dad chose that moment to come home, running upstairs.

"What the hell Emmett? She's not home one day and you're fucking bullying her!" my dad yelled.

"You're grounded. Besides sports, nothing. Hand over your phone." My dad snatched it and put it in his pocket and picked me up, carrying me into my room.

"I'm so sorry." He sat me on my bed. We heard Emmett slam his door.

"I just want to shower dad and sleep. I think I'll need one of my pills tonight though. It was a rough day." I sighed.

"OK. I'm going to talk to your brother. Get some rest." He kissed my temple and walked out.

I showered, took my pill and climbed in bed.

I heard my dad and Emmett arguing, I couldn't take it any longer.

"STOP!" I yelled and they both looked at me in shock. "If I brought all this about, then I'm calling mom and working something out. I can't stay here with this. I just can't." I walked back to my room and cried myself to sleep.

This was not how I expected my first day back to be.

AN:

OK… I know I've got like a bunch of stories going on and I was supposed to

Start another one before this one… BUT this one started screaming at me and they

Just WON'T be quiet… As you can tell with the 3000+ words… Don't expect that from every chapter,

It just depends on how they talk…

And NO… Emmett doesn't hate his sister forever… For all my Emmett lovers…

And lastly…

I'm dedicating this story to my friend _Laurie_… She's been great over the last few months, bouncing ideas and venting… She's a Jasper and Garrett freak… So this Jasper is for her!

Love ya Laurie! _3_

MUAH!

Reviews=Love


	2. Chapter 2

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 2

It'd been two weeks since I arrived and things were still tense in the house.

Emmett was gone most of the time due to football practice and that meant Jasper was too.

Alice and I wanted to go, but Jasper asked us to stay away, due to Edward being an ass and Rose and Jessica talking shit.

Alice then had the bright idea that we should spend the last couple of week's clothes shopping, getting me ready for Forks winter. I reluctantly agreed and let her torture me with a day trip to Port Angeles and then a weekend trip with her mom to Seattle.

I had an entire new wardrobe for back to school and a new haircut to go with it, not too much off though, Jasper enjoyed running his fingers through it and I enjoyed when he did it.

Alice and Jasper were due to come over tonight and hang out since dad had the night shift, Alice was spending the night, because I knew Emmett would be home. Dad had lifted some of his restriction, but not all of it, just enough so we weren't stuck at home together all the time. The night's dad worked the late shift, Emmett was allowed to go out with his friends, but had to be home by 11:00pm, and his friends could stay, but had to be gone by midnight.

Tonight was the first test of this policy, to say I was less than thrilled would be an understatement.

I made dinner for Alice and Jasper, we had fajitas and virgin margarita's they were in heaven, we cleaned up and were watching a movie when Emmett and his friends came home.

Emmett, Rose and Edward to be exact.

"Do they always have to be here?" Emmett snapped.

"They're my friends, so yes." I said calmly.

"Well, we want to watch the movie we brought." Emmett walked over to the DVD player and stopped ours.

"What the hell?" I stood up.

"You don't own the house Bella." Emmett snapped.

"Come on Bella, we can just watch it in your room." Jasper grabbed my hand.

"That's not the point. That point is Emmett thinking he can run me out of my own home. He wants me to go running back to Florida, well it's not going to happen. I'm better, I'm healed." I shouted.

"Bella, come on." Alice tried to calm me.

"No Alice, maybe it needs to be said. Maybe they need to find out." I let out a shuddering breath.

Jasper tried to wrap his arms around me and I shrugged him off.

"No, I need to do this on my own, you might want to have a seat or leave." I look at him with tears rolling down my face and Alice at my side.

"You're always such a drama queen." Rose rolled her eyes.

"Rose you don't even belong in this fucking conversation, why are you still here?" I asked.

"She's my girlfriend, she has just as much right as Jasper or Alice." Emmett snapped.

"Alice? Please, Alice knows exactly what happened and why I went. Did you ever stop and think that's why she changed so much after I left? No, no you wouldn't because all you cared about was what happened to your precious Edward. You only cared that I 'broke his heart', broke his heart so much that he dumped ME, to go and fuck Jessica. That's a REAL broken heart. Give me a break! You didn't even think or care about your baby sister's broken heart or how bad she was freaking out when she found out she was pregnant." I stopped and let that sink in and broke into tears.

I was sobbing and felt Alice wrap herself around me, again.

I took a deep breath and continued, my hand on my stomach.

When I told dad, he didn't freak, he suggested we call mom and talk to her.

She offered the Florida solution, so I did online school. I was going to give the baby up for adoption, but I had a really difficult pregnancy, the doctor said due to my size and stress levels, that why I lost the baby at three months. I couldn't come home though, I got really sick and depressed. Alice came to see me, she helped me through it, but then she had to come back here and there was no one here for her. You didn't even care what the fuck was going on with me! Not once did you ask what was going on with your sister when dad would take trips out to see me, instead opting to stay with your precious Edward! If I didn't know you were fucking Rose, I'd think you were fucking Edward!" I slid down the wall and cried, my hand on my stomach. Crying for my unborn child. For my missed time with my stupid ass brother whom I still loved, but was so wrapped up in his friends that he couldn't see how much his little sister needed him.

I felt two strong arms wrap around me.

"I'm so sorry. Can you ever forgive me?" Emmett asked.

I nodded into his chest.

"I need to take care of something, I'm sitting you with Alice on the couch. OK?" he asked and I just nodded again through my tears.

"You, I can't believe that I out up with your shit for all these years and then to find out you knocked up my sister!" Emmett was shouting at Edward.

"Hey, I didn't know man. She never told me either." Edward tried to defend himself.

"Why would she? You royally screwed her over." Emmett yelled.

"Oh give me a break! You're going to act like your sister is the innocent here? You've been talking shit about her for a year and now everything is OK?" Edward laughed.

"Because I thought she left over you just fucking Jess. I thought she was being stupid. I didn't realize that you'd gotten her pregnant. Had I'd know that you'd been sleeping with my sister, I'd have kicked your ass sooner." Emmett landed a punch on Edward's face and that's all it took for those two to go at it.

Thankfully it moved outside rapidly and Rose ran out after them.

I sat on the couch crying in Alice's arms before I realized that Jasper wasn't around.

"Alice, where did Jasper go?" I asked while trying to calm done.

"He needed to process what you had said. That was a lot for him." She smiled sadly.

"Go to him please. You can answer any questions he has. I'll be fine, promise." I wiped my tears.

"Bella…" Alice hesitated.

"Seriously." I told her and she called Jasper to come get her. I'm guessing they argued about it for a few minutes, but he finally agreed.

I waited with her outside and walked with her to the car.

I walked to his window and waited for him to roll it down, he just stared straight ahead, red rimmed eyes, and then I walked to Alice's side and hugged her. "Remember what I said, anything he wants to know." I looked in the car to him.

I watched them drive away, tears streaming down my face.

I ran up to my room, locking my door and running a hot shower so I could cry in peace. And cry I did until the water ran cold.

I then got out and dried off, slipping into my pajamas and crawling into bed.

I awoke to my phone ringing.

_Alice._

"Hey, can we go out to breakfast?" she asked.

"Yeah, give me about twenty minutes." I said and crawled out of bed to get dressed, throwing my hair in a ponytail.

I drove up to Alice's in my Metallic Blue LR2, I wasn't going to get something so expensive, but when thinking about the snow and the slush and my accident prone self, I called Phil and asked if I could get this and he was delighted I'd decided on something better and told he'd foot the entire bill. I tried to argue, but he wouldn't have it. I gave in and got what I wanted and loved it.

I honked my horn and Alice came running out, hoping in and smiling.

"So, how did the talk go?" I asked.

"He wouldn't talk to me. Said he needed to work it through on his own and talk to you and only you." She shrugged.

"Great. That sounds ominous." I sighed.

"Just relax. Let's eat breakfast and go get a mani/pedi. School registration is in two days, we want to look good, right?" She smiled.

"Right!" I tried to smile a genuine smile.

We had our girl's day and that night I spent with Emmett.

"Can you forgive me?" he asked.

"It'll take some time, but yeah. You're my brother and I love you." I smiled.

"Good. I feel like a complete ass." He sighed.

"I'm just glad you finally stood up to Edward. That's all I ever wanted. I just wanted you to step up and protect me when he broke my heart." I shrugged. "I think that hurt just as bad as losing the baby did. Because I lost my brother, my protector." I started crying.

Emmett came over to my chair and wrapped me in a hug and whispered I'm sorry over and over.

We talked some more and I told him I forgave him, but Rose was a different story, she still wasn't talking to me.

"I'm still trying to get through to her. She and Jess have become best friends and she's pissed at me now because I punched Edward." He shook his head.

It was registration day.

Alice told me she was riding with Jasper and would meet me there.

Emmett decided to ride with me, since Rose said she was going with Jess and Edward.

I dressed in an outfit mom had bought for me when we'd went shopping before I left.

It was a jacquard print shorts, with a hot pink cowl neck halter top and heels, leaving my hair down in soft natural waves and light make-up. I felt very powerful in this outfit and had this in mind for registration day all along, not knowing if I'd run into any of my past before this day. I wanted to show them that they would NOT intimidate me, I was bigger than them and I would not let them ruin my life.

I walked down stairs and Emmett was sitting at the kitchen table texting someone.

Looking up he about choked.

"What in the hell are you NOT wearing?" he asked.

"Mom helped pick it out." I shrugged.

"Well there's the problem. Mom would want to borrow it he laughed. I'm going to have to beat the guys off of you. Shit sis! You do realize that Mike is STILL going to try and ask you out, right?" he sighed.

"UGH! He's still around." I shook my head.

"Uh, yeah. He's a senior." He laughed.

"Great. Another reason for Jess to hate me." I shrugged.

"You've got Jasper." He assured me.

"Not so sure about that." I sighed.

"Give him time. That was a lot to take in. You were pregnant, you lost it…." He let it hang there.

"I guess. I have a hard time letting people back in, I spent a year basically closed off." I told him honestly.

"You need to fill me in on your life in Florida later, OK. I want to understand." He rubbed my shoulders. "You ready?" I nodded and we headed out to my car.

Arriving at school, everyone was looking at my car. Usually it was Edward's car everyone was staring at, I didn't even think about that.

"Shit, Em. They're all staring." I said frustrated.

"It's OK. You get out and hold your head high." He smiled brightly at me.

I took a deep breath and rubbed my angel wing necklace mom and Phil had bought me in remembrance of losing my baby and got out with Emmett.

We walked inside and everyone seemed to stop and stare.

"Bella! You're back." Angela, one of the quiet girls like me said.

"Yeah, I am." I smiled and offered her a small hug, Ben walked up and took her hand. "Come on Ang." He gave me a look.

"Nice to see you too Ben!" I spat his name, he was one of Edward's friends. Angela waved and walked away.

I sighed "Have they all went to the dark side?" I asked.

"Here comes Mike." Emmett chuckled.

"Bella, looking _HOT! _Florida did you good." He smiled and wrapped his arm around my shoulder. Before Emmett or I could do anything about it, Mike was sailing across the floor.

"Hands off my girl." Jasper snarled in Mike's face. "Don't touch her again."

He then walked over to me and placed a chaste kiss on my lips. "Can we talk after this? We need to talk." He had his head buried in my hair.

"Yes." I whispered and smiled at him.

"Thank you." He kissed me a little more forcefully and led me to enrolment.

We enrolled and noticed we had P.E., English and lunch together.

"It's a start, at least you're not stuck alone with Edward in every class." He smiled.

"This is true." I sighed.

"Oh and um, don't freak when you see him today." He grinned.

"What did you do Jasper?" I asked.

"I taught him a lesson." He stated matter of factly, showing me his knuckles.

"Shit, are you OK?" I asked grabbing his hand and kissing it.

"Fine." He pulled me towards him. "But I won't be if you keep dressing like this." He shook his head.

"Hey, where is Alice?" I asked.

"Oh, she is off with Riley. He grew some balls and asked her out." He laughed.

"Riley? Wow. I'm surprised, I thought he'd remain neutral, he seems like a wuss." I giggled.

"He is a wuss. But if anyone can shape him up its Alice." Jasper shrugged.

"C'mon, let's find Emmett so we can get out of here." I pulled Jasper down the hall.

I heard him before I saw him. Yelling with Rose.

"Em, come on." I nodded.

"You two go. We've got to work this out." He nodded his head between the two of them.

I gave Rose the stink eye "Don't hurt my brother because of Edward, Emmett is the much better choice. You used to me smart Rose, what happened?" I shook my head and walked away with Jasper.

AN:

OK…

Chapter at a close…

They made up in this chapter… Which was going to happen in the next chapter, but worked great with Mike putting his arm around her…

Jasper is quite possessive of our Bella… But not in a crazy way… Just b/c she was hurt so badly… He FEELS the need to protect her…

Jasper's POV of his thoughts from learning she was pregnant and losing it… To him beating the shit out of Edward…Then we'll have their talk… :0)

How you enjoy!

Reviews=Love


	3. Chapter 3

**My Paper Heart **

**JPOV**

After thinking over Bella's story, I had to get out of here and hit someone, something.

I was pissed beyond belief.

Not at Bella, never at Bella, at Edward, YES!

At my cousin, a little. But, not really. I couldn't explain it. I wasn't really close to Bella before she'd left, I was friends with Emmett, yeah but I'd never really hung around his sister but to say 'hello' and when she was on Edward's arm at a party.

Edward, I needed to find him. I drove to Jess' house. I knew he'd be there fucking her nine ways to Sunday. That's all he did when he wasn't playing ball or hanging with his family. That girl was gross. If he wasn't crazy he was going to be a daddy again and this crazy girl wouldn't run. She was a gold digger and mommy and daddy Cullen would freak the fuck out.

Pulling up to Jess' house I knock on the door.

"Jasper, you wise up and leave Skankella?" she asked.

"I need to talk to Edward." I asked calmly so she'd get him.

"Yeah, hold on." She smiled.

"Eddie. One of your friends is here." She smiled at me.

"It's kind of private. Do you mind?" I asked smiling and winking.

"Sure sweetie, come in when you're done." She smiled and I just smiled.

Edward walked to the door in basketball shorts, I'd been flexing my fist the entire time, I was wound up.

"Hey Jazz, what's up? Bella not put out?" he ask taking a drag from a cigarette.

"You're a sorry motherfucker!" I said deadly low and hauled off and punched him.

He grabbed his nose screaming, looking at all the blood.

"The fuck?" he asked.

"Stay away from Bella." I growled.

"I don't want her! She fucking left me and killed my unborn child!" he yelled.

I saw red and beat the shit out of him even more.

"Don't you even blame her for that! It was all the stress from you!" I yelled at him as we fought.

I landed on last punch before I walked away.

Jess never even coming back outside to see what we were yelling about.

She's such a waste of space.

"Jasper! What happened?" Alice asked as I walked into her house.

"I beat the shit out of Edward." I told her what happened and what he said.

"Shit. He's going to have that spread around school by Monday." Alice sighed.

"I know, I need to talk to Bella and let her know. Registration is tomorrow." I shook my head.

"She'll be there. I'll get her there. She needs to know what Edward might spread though before school starts." Alice groaned.

"We'll work it out." I sighed.

Alice fixed me up and I went home, falling into a restless sleep.

I saw Mike with his arm around her and went ballistic.

We had three classes together so she didn't have all of them alone with Edward and she had one class with Alice, so that was one more, she'd only have three alone with him. Hopefully she'd make friends fast.

Bella came over the next day to Alice's so we could talk.

"Babe, there's some bad things that might be going around about you come Monday." I told her.

"Like what?" she asked.

"They're planning on spreading the rumor about your pregnancy." Alice soothed her.

"What? Why would Edward do that? It affects him too." She started pacing.

"Because he can make you look like the bad person for leaving and not telling him." I sighed.

"But I'm NOT!" she screamed. "He left me first." She was crying. "I should of never came back." She sobbed.

"Shhhh… We'll fix this." I caressed her back and Alice shot me a look.

"How? How are you going to fix this?" Bella asked.

"We'll find a way." I promised.

AN:

Sorry this a short chapter…

Ended it here…

It'll pick up with back to school and dealing with the rumors…

:0)

Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas and a Happy Holiday!

Reviews=Love


	4. Chapter 4

**My Paper Heart **

Chapter 4

Waking up and getting ready for school was not something I was looking forward to, today.

Emmett, Jasper and Alice were all going to stand by me after finding out Edward's plan and my dad upon learning Edward's plan as well had a meeting with his parents but it wasn't until Wednesday as they all had conflicting schedules. So I was depending on my brother and friends to get me through this.

Opening my closet I looked through for something comfortable, yet nice. After all it was the first day of school.

I settled on a pair of ripped skinny jeans, a white long sleeve shirt with a red scarf, black leather boots and a black leather jacket, Jasper said we were taking his motorcycle today.

I headed downstairs and Emmett was already eating.

"Hey, you ready for today?" he asked.

"No. I don't want to deal with these people." I sighed.

There was a knock at the door and I motioned I'd get it.

"Rose!" I gasped. "What are you doing here?" I asked in surprise.

"I need to talk you two." She sighed.

"Come in." I ushered her into the kitchen.

"Why are you here?" Emmett bristled.

"Edward and Jess are planning on not only spreading the rumors, but trying to spray you with red dye or dump something on you at lunch. After I heard what you went through, I've been struggling." She looked to Emmett. "I'm pregnant." She cried.

"I'll leave you two alone." I grabbed my poptart and walked out onto the porch.

Jasper pulled up a few minutes later.

"You ready?" he smiled.

"As I'll ever be. Riley picking up Alice?" I asked.

"Yes. She was freaking out over what to wear." He laughed.

"How do you know?" I laughed with him.

"Because she called me five times asking what his favorite color was, was he a boob or butt man. I want to bleach my brain." He groaned.

"Well it's got to be better than what's going down in my house." I shook my head.

"Really?" he asked.

"Yeah. I'm sure it'll be all over school soon. Let's go, we've got paint to dodge." I sighed.

He quirked and eye at me and I told him I'd explain once we were at school.

Once we pulled up at school I explained everything and a few minutes later Rose and Emmett pulled in behind us.

"Everything OK?" I looked between them.

"It will be." Emmett smiled. "She's got something to say."

"I'm so sorry Bella. I shouldn't have took Edward's side. I was your friend first and I should have stayed your friend. I'm so sorry." She hugged me tightly.

"I'm here for you Rose." I hugged her back.

"Thank you." She cried.

We all walked into school together with Edward and Jessica staring daggers at Rose.

"Just so you know Edward. My dad knows what you have planned and has a meeting scheduled with your parents. So go ahead and do or say what you want, but be warned. Your parents are going to find out about it and charges will be pressed. Jessica, your parents will be finding out as well and if it happens on school property, you'll be expelled, bye-bye senior year." I smirked and we all walked away.

"You're nothing but a whore Bella Swan!" Jessica yelled.

"No Jessica, you're the whore. You're the one who slept with my boyfriend. Then again, he wasn't much of a boyfriend if he slept with you in the first place. And I wouldn't be surprised if he wasn't cheating on you, watch your back." I smiled at her and walked away.

I went about my day, Edward being in all my classes and trying to talk to me, befriend me.

"Bella, please can we talk." He sighed in the only class we had without any of the others.

"No. I have nothing to say to you." I snapped.

"Oh, so you can kill my baby, but you can't talk to me!" he yells.

I wasn't going to let him get to me.

"I did no such thing Edward. If you're trying to make me look like the bad person here, give it up. I lost the baby do to stress, plain and simple! I was young!" I snapped back.

"Oh so that's what they call abortion now?" he laughed.

The teacher walked in at the time.

"Mr. Cullen!" he snapped. "You'll see me after class and you'll sit to the front and leave Ms. Swan alone." He nodded towards me.

I took my seat in the back of the class and tried to keep my mind off of Edward and the looks people kept giving me, by the time class was over, I was so ready for lunch.

I met Rose, Jasper and Emmett by the cafeteria.

"Where are Riley and Alice?" I asked.

"Inside, they got the table already." Rose smiled and I nodded.

"You OK?" Jasper asked.

"No. I had words with Edward last period. He had to stay with the teacher.

"Good, I'm sure he deserved it." My brother shook his head.

"Uh, yeah. He's been trying to act nice all morning, but I knew where it was going." I shrugged.

The rest of the week went by uneventfully, Edward just stared me down.

His parents brought him over on Wednesday for the talk and we all had to be present.

I was quite uncomfortable, but dad explained it might be easier.

He did all the talking to make it easier for me.

He told then the entire story.

Esme was crying by the end and asked if she could hug me.

I nodded yes.

"Bella, why didn't you come to us." Carlisle asked. "I'm a doctor, I could've helped you." He sighed.

"I was scared. Edward was mean and cruel to mean when he broke up with me. I didn't think you'd want me around either." Tears rolled down my face.

"We're so sorry Bella. Edward you should be ashamed of yourself. As of this point and time, you're grounded from everything that doesn't have to do with school. No Jessica, no parties, no nothing." Carlisle snapped.

"What! That's not fair! All this because she lost a fucking baby! We don't even know if it was mine!" he yelled.

"Edward Anthony!" Esme scolded. "Do you want to lose your car too?" she snapped.

"No." he crossed his arms.

"Then that's enough." Carlisle finished.

"Carlisle, Esme. Thank you for coming over and hearing me out. This was very hard on Bella and our family as you can imagine." My dad sighed.

"If there's anything you need going forward, please don't hesitate." Carlisle assured us.

"Thank you Carlisle." My dad shook hands with him and they both hugged me before leaving.

Emmett and Jasper came downstairs as soon as they were all gone.

"You OK?" Jasper asked.

"Yeah, he shouldn't bother me anymore." I smiled.

"Good." Jasper kissed me. "I've got to head home. I'll see you tomorrow."

"OK." After a mini make out session on the front porch we broke apart and said our goodbyes.

I walk inside to see Emmett and my dad in a heated discussion.

I guess he's telling dad his 'good news'.

I sneak up to my room to avoid any more drama for the night, if I can help it.

I fall into a peaceful sleep.

AN:

What do you think about Carlisle and Esme?

Think Edward learned his lesson?

Happy for Em and Rose?

Reviews=Love


	5. Chapter 5

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 5

Several weeks have passed since the sit down with the Cullen's and Edward treats me like the plague, for which I'm grateful. But I know it's a ticking time bomb.

It's been nice not having Jessica here, with her being gone Edward doesn't really have anyone egging him on so he keeps quiet and just stares me down.

"What's his problem today?" Jasper snapped as we sat down for lunch.

"I don't know. He's been smirking at me all day." I shivered.

"Just ignore him sis. He's trying to get to you, don't let him." He shook his head.

"That's easy for you to say Emmett. He's not staring you down and he didn't cause you physical or mental anguish." Rose snapped.

Rose had become my ally over the couple of weeks. We'd began to bond over all things baby and I was quite envious of her if I do say so myself, but I held it in and reminded myself that things happened for a reason and that I'd have my chance for a family later on in the future, right now I'd be happy to be the best aunt I could be.

"Earth to Bella." Rose laughed.

"Sorry. I'm just stressed." I sighed.

"It's OK." she smiled. "I asked if you were ready for our weekend I Seattle." She laughed.

"Oh, that's right." I groaned.

"Hey! It'll be fun." She promised.

"I guess I could use some girl time." I shrugged.

"Yes, and I need it too." She nodded.

"You two better take care of each other." Emmett pointed at us. "You're the two most important people in my life. Three if you count the one Rosie is carrying." Emmett kissed her cheek.

"Ugh! When did you get so mushy?" I groaned.

"I've always been mushy. You just didn't get to witness it." He laughed.

Jasper was pretty quiet most of lunch, so I let him be.

We walked to class and he kissed me at the door.

"You OK?" I asked.

"Yeah, just thinking." He gave me another quick kiss before the bell rang.

That night at dinner I talked with Emmett about Jasper's strange behavior.

"He's worried about Edward. He thinks he's going to try something out of the blue and doesn't want you going off to Seattle this weekend. So he's pissed at me because I'm on board with it." He sighed.

"But you two will be here to keep an eye on Edward." I stated.

"That's what I told him." Emmett raised his hands.

"You have a game Friday night, right? So he can't skip out on that." I reasoned.

"Exactly. It's a big game." He shrugged. "He'll notice you two aren't there and wonder where you are, someone is bound to talk." He shrugged.

"Well, I'm the only one he wants to hurt and if he does hurt me, he will face consequences. Even his parents said that." I shrugged.

"Somehow I don't think he cares." Emmett looked at me sadly.

Jasper remained moody the rest of the week and Rose told me to just ignore him.

Friday afternoon had us kissing the boys goodbye at the locker rooms since they had a brief meeting before going home.

Emmett and Rose were on the opposite side whispering about the baby, I'm sure. He was discreetly touching he stomach.

Jasper and I had said our quick goodbye, because of his moodiness and I was standing there holding back tears.

As I was getting ready to turn and walk to Rose's car to wait for her I smacked into someone's chest.

Looking up, I hear the all too familiar chuckle of Edward Cullen.

"Going somewhere?" he smiled.

"Yes, away from you." I snapped and walked away.

He grabbed my arm and pulled me to him "Don't think you escape to Seattle and I wouldn't find out." He whispered in my ear.

"Get off of her!" Jasper appeared out of nowhere and slammed him against the wall.

"Hey, just letting her know she can't go anywhere that I won't find out." Edward smiled and Jasper punched him.

Emmett came running over and pulling Jasper off, just as the coaches came out.

"Whitlock, Swan, Cullen… Office now. Ms. Swan and Ms. Hale… You too!" they shouted.

They walked us to the principle.

"You need to call my dad and the Cullen's before anyone talks and Edward left marks on me, we need pictures please." I stated.

"Ms. Swan you're in no place to be demanding anything." Principle Michaels stated.

I pulled up my shirt sleeve and showed my quickly forming bruise.

"Now, call my father! The CHIEF of Police." I snapped.

Emmett and Jasper sat with a shit eating grin on their faces as Edward sat nervously bouncing his leg.

AN:

Sorry I left it here…

Next chapter will start out with a VERY P.O.

Chief of POLICE… :0)

Reivews=Love


	6. Chapter 6

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 6

**CPOV**

"Chief Swan, you're needed at the high school. There's been some sort of disturbance and your daughter was involved." Ira my secretary squawked through the intercom.

"What kind of disturbance?" I inquired as I ran out of my office.

"I'm not sure. The principal just said she requested you." She sighed and rolled her eyes.

"Listen to me Ira, we'll talk about your eye rolling when I get back! Anything involving my daughter is never a waste of time and I expect you to get the full details next time." I snapped as I finished putting my gun belt on.

"Yes Chief Swan." She smiled.

I nodded and sped over to the high school.

Once there I jumped out and ran inside, into the principal's office without waiting for Mrs. Cope to announce me.

What I saw once I walked in made my blood boil.

"What the hell happened?" I roared.

"Daddy!" Bella ran into my arms and cried.

"Dad, Edward did this." Emmett stood up and pulled Bella's sleeves up.

"Edward Cullen, you're under arrest." I didn't even realize Sgt. Ramirez had shown up.

"What? What are you talking about?" he was as pale as a ghost, I tried not to chuckle.

"There's a restraining order against you, you violated that the moment you touched her and you harmed a minor." He read him his rights and before he could take him away, I turned to face him.

"Just so you know, we will be pressing charges and I'll personally be calling your parents." I told him.

"You can't do this!" he protested.

"Yes he can. And I advise you to remain silent." Sgt. Ramirez reminded him.

Edward huffed and hung his head as he was lead out the door.

"Emmett, take Bella out to the cruiser please with Jasper. I need to speak with the principal in private." I nodded my head towards the door and he nodded holding onto his sister.

"Principal Michaels, you knew of the restraining order Bella had against Edward. I let it slide in the classrooms since the schedules were already set and she said he wasn't really bothering her, but you were supposed to have extra teachers in the hallways after school watching for incidents like this! What the FUCK happened today?!" I roared and slammed my fist on his desk, making his skinny ass jump.

"I-I don't know. I had the schedule made out. They know they're supposed to be following it." He shrugged.

"Do you bother getting up from behind your desk and walking your own goddamned school to see what the FUCK is even going on? Do you know how often bullying is happening in your school? How many kids are smoking and drinking in the woods outside your school? No, you don't. Because you just sit your ass behind that desk of yours and jack off all fucking day!" I accused.

"That's enough Chief Swan." He stood up and barely came to my shoulders.

"Oh really?" I challenged. "Trust me. I'm good friends with the school board members, once they hear about what happened to MY daughter, you'll be out of a job. I'd start packing you fucking loser and don't be surprised if I don't find some type of charges to throw against you for putting my daughter's life in danger." I smirked before walking out.

I wasn't usually a vindictive man, but damn it, they'd messed with my daughter and she was scared and bruised. They would fucking pay.

I stopped in the hallway and called Carlisle and Esme.

"Carlisle, is Charlie. I have some bad news about Edward. He's been arrest for battery on Bella. He, left some pretty bad bruises on her and he threatened her, all on school property, plus he violated his restraining order." I sighed.

"Charlie, I'm so sorry. I really thought he'd learned his lesson. I never wanted Bella hurt. Bring her to the hospital so we can look at it and log it. Regardless if he's my son or not. It has to be documented, and I'll have my colleague do it, so it's not compromised, and we'll let Esme stay with her. I'd like to talk to you in private, if that's OK." Carlisle asked.

"Yes, of course. We'll see you in about 10 minutes." I sighed in relief.

I headed out to the cruiser and Bella was asleep in Jasper's lap in the backseat.

"What's going on dad?" Emmett asked.

"We've got to take her to the hospital. Carlisle said it's got to be documented, no matter what." I ran my fingers through my hair at this mess. My baby girl has been through too much in her short life.

We arrived at the hospital and Jasper slowly woke Bella, telling her where we were.

The boys headed to the cafeteria and I took her to see Carlisle and Esme.

Esme pulled her into a hug and then led her to an exam room with Dr. Carmen. Carlisle and I stayed in his office.

"What's up Carlisle? You said you needed to speak in private." I asked.

"Yeah, listen. I know Edward is considered an adult, but I really don't want to see my son go to jail. I don't think he can make it there. I'm not asking for him to be let go either. I was talking to Esme about this a few days ago and we were planning to send him away to military school after Spring Break, but now seems like as good a time as any and with you being the Chief of Police, you could sign off on that, being that he's still in high school." Carlisle let out a breath.

I sighed and paced the office.

Carlisle handed me the brochure.

"OK. I'll sign off on it, I've heard good things about this program and I know they'll keep me up to date on his progress as well. MY condition is that he also signs up and serves four years in the military after graduation. I think that will help him with his discipline and keep him away from Isabella, maybe even forget her." I sighed.

"Deal, I'll have my lawyers write up the paper work and get it all signed. Thanks so much Charlie. You're too kind. I don't deserve a friend like you." Carlisle hugged me.

"Carlisle, we've both been dealt a rough hand, who knows what would've happened had the baby survived. We might actually have been in-laws." I smile and wipe away a tear before walking out to find my daughter.

AN:

So… There's Charlie's POV…

Hope you liked it…

He was pretty pissed off…

But softened at the end…

Next up we'll get Bella and Edward's reaction to the deal…

Reviews=Love


	7. Chapter 7

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 7

**EPOV**

This is fucking bullshit!

I can't believe my parents are shipping me off to military school and then making me join the fucking military for a minimum of four years after that or Charlie will press charges and I'll see jail time.

They all think Bella is innocent in all of this, they don't want to listen to my side of the story about her constant teasing me, and she deserved what she got today for batting her eyelashes at me and then turning me down.

"Edward, Edward!" I was snapped out of my daydream

"What?" I snapped.

"Are you listening to me?" My dad questioned.

"Yes sir." I sighed. "We're leaving tonight, after I make a face to face serious apology to Bella. I'll be going to a military school for the last half of the school year and then after graduation, I'll be enlisted into the Army. I'll do at least four years, and I'm to have contact with no one besides you and mom. Chief Swan will be kept informed of my progress at school and then he'll be informed once I'm enlisted into the military and once I'm out." I rolled my eyes at my dad.

"Edward you need to take this seriously. Chief Swan is your worst enemy right now. He could have sent you to jail, but as a favor to me he did not. So be thankful that you're not going to be someone's bitch!" my dad barked at me.

"Carlisle calm down, please." My mom cried. "It's hard enough losing him."

"I'm sorry mom." I got up and hugged her, not realizing until that moment what I'd actually put them through. "I'll be good and do what's needed." I promised.

"We're going to see Isabella tonight after you're all packed. She'll be ready for you by then, her dad is telling her now." My father informed me and I nodded in understanding, walking up to my room to pack.

**BPOV**

"What? Why does he need to come here? We've got a restraining order for a reason dad!" Emmett snapped.

"Emmett! This is not really your business and when he gets here, everyone will leave the room, except for those two and Esme." My dad sighed. "I know she'll keep the peace and everything will go quickly. OK?" he reassured.

"Ok." Emmett agreed.

I was resting after dinner when there was a knock at the door and it was Dr. Cullen.

"Bella, how are you?" he asked with a smile.

"Shaken up and sore." I shrugged.

"I'm sorry." He smiled sadly.

"It's not your fault Carlisle." I nodded.

"If I'd kept a closer eye on his behavior a couple years ago, this wouldn't have happened." He shook his head.

My dad walked in at that time and shook Carlisle's hand.

"Esme and Edward are in my office, I'll go get them." Carlisle nodded before walking out.

I was fidgeting when the next knock came.

"Dad, I think I'm going to puke." I put my hand on my stomach.

My dad handed me the pink basin. "Here, just in case. Be strong." He kissed my forehead before walking over to the door and whispering something and letting it close again. It opened a few moments later with Esme and Edward.

"Bella, how are you dear?" Esme came over and hugged me, while Edward stood over by the door.

"Sore and shaken." I looked at Edward as a few tears dropped from my eyes.

Edward stepped up to the end of the bed. "Bella, I'm so sorry, really. I let all this hatred and anger get to me and treat you like that. I'll never forgive myself. I hope in time that you'll be able to forgive me." He sighed.

"I just want to know why?" I cried.

Edward moved to the chair next to me and sat down with his head in his hands and started crying.

"Bella, I know it's not an excuse. But I think when you left it hurt me. I know I broke up with you, but I'm used to having girls begging for me. So when you didn't and moved to Florida that hurt like hell and I had to be all macho about it when you did come back, so I was just a dick. When I found out about the baby, it just made things worse and I had all that grief to work through and I was angry at you and at myself for not being there for you, I had no say so in anything and we had no choice in what happened to our baby." He was holding my hand and full on crying now.

"Thank you for the apology Edward. I forgive you and believe it or not, I understand. I'm still angry and I deal with it every day. I'm mad at you, at myself, the doctors, and the world. Trust me. It gets easier, but it's still there." I squeezed his hand. "I just wished you would've talked to me, instead of listening to stupid Jessica. We probably could've worked though our grief together and remained friends." I gave him a small smile.

"I'm just happy that you forgave me. Thank you. It makes going away a lot easier." He acknowledged.

We talked for a few more minutes before they left and I broke into tears.

My family walked in and my dad immediately scooped me into his arms.

"What's wrong Bells? Did he hurt you again?" my dad scowled.

"No, no dad. He gave me a better apology than I could have hoped for, and it helped me understand why he did what he did. It doesn't excuse it, I know. But I do understand it." I wiped my eyes.

"Do you care to share it with us?" Jasper asked.

"Um, he said it had to do with our baby." I sniffled.

"Seriously? You're going to buy that?" Emmett chuckled.

"Emmett!" my dad snapped.

"I do. He was very sincere. It wasn't an act, I can tell when Edward I acting and he was full out crying. One of the reasons he acted out towards me was because he felt badly that he couldn't be there when everything happened and he didn't know how to deal with his grief, so he let stupid Jessica into his head and she filled it with stupid shit. So taking it out on me made him feel better for a short time, then it turned to anger and nothing really worked, he was just angry all the time after that, that's when he tried to get Rose to take sides. He did ask for my forgiveness and I gave it. We have so much healing to do beyond the bullying." I finished.

"I think you did the right thing Bells." My dad hugged me.

Emmett was shaking his head and Jasper was running his hand through his hair.

"Can I get some rest?" I asked.

"Yeah, Carlisle said you can come home in the morning and I think Rose and Alice are here to say hi real quick." My dad smiled.

"Ok, you can send them in." I smiled. "Thanks for everything guys." I smiled at Emmett and Jasper.

"Oh, you don't want us to wait around?" Jasper asked.

"No, I'd like some girl time if you don't mind." I shrugged.

"Oh. OK." He sighed and walked out.

Alice and Rose walked in.

"Who kicked Jasper's puppy?" Rose asked and I shrugged.

"Are you OK?" Alice hugged me.

"I will be. I just need to process everything Edward and I talked about." I told them.

We talked for a little while before they left and I fell asleep.

The next morning my dad came and picked me up, letting me know the boys were at football practice.

"Carlisle left instructions for you to rest, so I made sure you had all your favorites from the store and they're in the fridge. I've got to get to work, the boys will be home soon." He kissed my forehead before leaving.

I sat on the couch for a total of ten minutes before I got up and started pacing. I was filled with so much nervous energy.

I went to the kitchen and started baking and making up a pot of stew for dinner, Emmett arrived shortly after.

"Where's Jasper?" I asked.

"He went home." Emmett shrugged. "Said he'd call you later."

"Oh. OK." I smiled.

"Look, he's kind of upset that you forgave Edward. So let him work through it." Emmett hugged me tight.

"It just hurts he's not willing to talk to me about it. That's how all this started." I reminded him.

He sighed and nodded, telling me he was going to shower.

I took my hot tea and went to sit on the front porch and just relax.

My phone beeps with a text.

_Bella,_

_I know I'm not supposed to have contact with you, but I wanted to check and make sure you were truly OK._

_Please know that I really am sorry and I'm going to be talking to someone about the loss._

_Thank you for listening to me._

_~Edward._

_Edward,_

_Thanks again for the sincere apology. _

_And I think that's a good idea to talk to someone._

_Text anytime. I won't tell._

_We all need friends._

_~Bella._

I closed out the text and just sat on the swing, feeling a little more at peace, funny how the person who'd been bullying me and who'd hurt me just a day ago was now putting me at peace after his apology and admitting what he'd admitted.

I must have zoned out because Emmett was in front of me snapping his fingers.

"Sis. You OK?" he asked.

"Oh, yeah just thinking." I shrugged.

"I was asking if you wanted to go get lunch?" he smiled down at me.

"No, I'm not really hungry. I baked all morning and smelling all that food left me feeling a little nauseous." I smiled sadly.

"Dad said you have to eat." He reminded me.

"I had some veggies while making the soup, I'm good. Promise." I smiled.

"Fine, I'll be back soon. Go inside and rest. Dad will kick my ass if I leave you outside." He chuckled.

"Ok. I think I need a nap." I stood up and stretched.

I went upstairs and took a nap, but was awoken by loud voices a little while later.

"I don't care if it pissed you off! It was her choice, get over it!" Emmett snapped.

"What if she decides to go back to him?" Jasper asked.

"Then you'll have to let her go, but I don't think that's going to happen. He's gone dude, you're here." Emmett smacked his shoulder.

"We're only together for a few more months, then we'll all go our separate ways for college or whatever." Jasper sighed.

"What do you mean whatever?" Emmett asked skeptically.

"I'm not going to college. I'm going into the Army. It's been my plan all along, I just haven't known how to tell her." I knew he'd be pacing.

"Fuck! She's going to freak out." Emmett swore.

"No shit Em!" Jasper snapped.

"Does Alice know?" Emmett asked.

"Yes. She's known for a couple weeks now. She found the brochures and I had to swear her to secrecy, until I can tell Bella." Jasper sighed.

I chose that moment to make myself known.

"Tell me what?" I asked.

"Bella, you're supposed to be resting." Jasper shook his head.

"That's kind of hard with all the yelling." I looked at him.

Just then my dad walked in and Emmett smirked, knowing Jasper got a small reprieve.

"Hey everyone, Mmmm, something smells good." He said as he walked in.

"I made soup." I smiled.

"Bells, you're supposed to be resting." He looked at me.

"I did, I took a nice nap until these two started yelling." I looked at Jasper and Emmett.

"What's going on boys?" he asked.

"It can wait until after dinner." Jasper said quickly.

"No, I still have to cook the bread. Come into the kitchen and we can talk." I smiled.

Jasper huffed, but they followed.

"OK. What's going on?" my dad asked.

"Well, we were talking about plans after high school and where we'd be going to college and such and well, I'm not going to college." Jasper looked down at the table.

"What?" I whispered.

"Bella…" he sighed.

"No, I actually heard you already. I can't believe you were keeping this from me for so long." I shook my head.

"I didn't mean too." He stood up and walked over to hug me, I pushed him away.

"Please don't." he looked hurt.

"I thought we'd have no secrets." I looked in his eyes.

"It wasn't a secret. I was trying to find the right way to tell you." He begged. "Please understand. And then when I heard what your dad had planned for Edward…" he shook his head.

"Oh no." my dad shook his head.

"Yeah, afraid so Chief. I'd sighed up months before all this though. I turned 18 before I even met Bella and decided that's what I wanted to do, so there's nothing no one could've done. I just didn't know how to tell her. She means the world to me." Jasper held my hands.

I sighed "We need to have some us time after practice tomorrow, OK?" I asked.

"OK." Jasper agreed and kissed me softly.

"Good, now let's eat." Emmett grunted.

We settled down to eat with Jasper stealing looks at me all night.

"So we're good?" he asked before leaving.

"I think once things get aired out, they will be. We need to talk about our future. Like if we want there to be one." I shrugged.

"Of course…" I held up my hand to stop him.

"Jasper, listen to me. You're going into the military. That's a huge step. You're going to be going all over the world, meeting all kinds of people. Don't make promises, you might not be able to keep. Please think this over and we'll talk more tomorrow." I kissed him softly before closing the door.

I cried myself to sleep that night for more than one reason.

AN:

Hope you enjoyed this chapter…

Big changes coming…

Time jump and the consequences of that talk…

Reviews=Love


	8. Chapter 8

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 8

After Jasper and I had our heart to heart things have been going a little easier.

He's going into the military and he'll be stationed out of Ft. Hood in Texas, for the time being.

He wants to work on the tanks and such so it's a possibility he'll be sent overseas once he's gone through mechanics school his recruiter said.

Yeah he took me to meet his recruiter. We talked and he's been in the military for over 35 years and is happily married to the same woman for 25 of those.

Jasper has hinted around at marriage if he gets shipped overseas, but I change the subject, we're too young to think about that and he's going to be meeting new people, how can I ask him to be faithful? We might not see each other for a year or more? And then what? It wouldn't be fair to either one of us, so we're just taking it day by day for now and I'm still weighing my college options for graphic design.

"So any news from Texas?" Jasper asked.

"Jasper that's not even at the top of my list, you know that." I sighed.

"I know, but I thought if they were to get back to you first that you might change your mind, we'd at least be in the same state for awhile." he snapped.

"Look, I really want to go to Rhode Island. That's my first choice and you know it. They're the best and I'm waiting for them. Don't you think I'm good enough?" I questioned.

"I think you're great B. I was just hoping for a little more time together, that's all. I love you." he pulled me towards him and kissed me.

"I love you too. But we've got to face reality, we've only got a few weeks left and then you're gone. You're the one who signed up to leave the week after graduation." I reminded him.

"That's before I had you. I'm so sorry." he held me tight.

"Do you think your dad would let you go away for a weekend, just the 2 of us?" he asked sincerely.

"Considering what's about to happen, yeah." I smiled.

"Would you want to spend a weekend with me?" he asked, knowing what he was asking.

"Yeah, I would." I kissed him softly.

"Even if it'll be awhile before we're together again?" he reassured.

"It will give me beautiful memories Jasper." I kissed him again.

We made plans with my dad about where we were going and he agreed, just telling us to be safe in more areas than one… And I told him that was all covered, no pun intended.

To which he just shook his head.

The week flew by before it was our weekend away.

We headed into Seattle and into the hotel Jasper had booked for us.

The Honeymoon sweet, of course.

The staff was looking at us a little curious, but that was OK.

We were both 18 now so there was nothing they could do.

Once up to the room, Jasper opened the door and told me to wait. He put our bags inside and then came back out, scooping me up and carrying me back in bridal style and tossing me on the bed.

"I can't believe I have you an entire weekend to myself." he smiled wickedly.

"No interruptions, no school, no practice, no parents… Just us." I smiled and pulled him into a kiss.

"Are you sure about this?" he asked.

"I'm positive." I smiled.

As Jasper and I made love for the first time, I felt so connected to him.

It wasn't anything like when I'd been with Edward and I KNOW I shouldn't have been comparing, because there was no comparison, but Jasper made me feel wanted and loved and truly like I was the only person he'd ever been with or will ever be with forever.

"What are you thinking about so hard?" he asked as we lay there.

"Just how loved I felt with you. You made me feel like the most important woman in the world and that you truly only want to be with me forever." I sighed.

He hovered over top of me and smirked.

"Bella, I've told you time and time again. You're it for me. I don't care if we don't see each other for the next 5 years, I'll whack off to this memory for those next 5." he kissed me softly.

"You're such the romantic." I giggle.

Which leads us into another round of lovemaking.

Our weekend ends much too fast and we're back at school getting ready for finals and graduation before you know it, but we're closer than ever as well.

"I see that weekend did you some good." Alice smiled.

"Yes. We needed that. I now know that he's the one for me and no matter how far apart we are, we're it for each other. I don't think I'll ever find someone who will ever put themselves out there the way he does for me." I told her honestly.

"I do know that he loves you more than anyone or anything in this world Bella. Believe that." she smiled at me as we walked into school.

The graduation countdown started and with three days to go, I got a thick envelope in the mail from Rhode Island School of Design. I'd been accepted and offered a partial scholarship, which was fine, my grandparents had left us money for college. I was beyond excited!

I hopped in my SUV and drove over to Jasper's house to tell him the good news.

Bouncing on my toes, I felt like Alice.

"Hey, what brings you here babe?" he pulled me in for a kiss.

I held out the envelope and he smiled.

"Is this, THE ONE?" he asked. I'd received several back from other colleges throughout the past couple of weeks, even a full ride to the University of Texas, which he was very happy about, but I just couldn't get into the same excitement, until now.

"This is it. They've offered me a partial scholarship, which is fine, because you know Emmett and I already have our own college funds set up." I shrugged.

He picked me up and swung me around, kissing me.

"I'm so excited for!" he smiled.

"Really?" I asked.

"Really! We've got to support each other if we're going to make this work. We're going to be separated and the only way to stay happy is support each through good and bad." he hugged me tight.

"I love you!" I kissed him passionately.

"I love you too darlin'." he nuzzled my hair.

"Look, I have to get back home, come for dinner?" I asked.

"Sure. 6?" he asked.

"Sounds good. See you then." I kissed him once more before I ran off to finish up at home, excitement coursing through my veins.

**JPOV**

Now I need to go and talk to Charlie and see if he'll be on board with my plan.

I can't leave Bella behind and not know that we've got some kind of more permanent connection.

I want her wearing my ring.

And talking to my recruiter, if I do happen to get shipped overseas, they'll give me a leave for a few days and hopefully Bella will be willing to marry me then.

I don't want to go over there, knowing that if something happens to me, she'll be all alone.

I want to leave her with a piece of me, us.

We need to be one.

I hope she goes for it.

Fuck I'm nervous as hell.

No time like the present.

I hop in my truck and drive to the station to talk to Chief Swan. Swallowing hard when I remember he's got a gun on him at this very moment. Then smiling, because he's at work and can't use it without probable cause. Fuck! Asking for his daughter's hand in marriage just might be probable cause to a police officer.

"Jasper, what can I do for you?" Charlie ushers me into his office.

"I-uh, I needed to talk to you." I try and smile.

"By the looks of things, you've either knocked up my daughter and I need to shoot your ass! OR, you're going to ask to marry her and I need to shoot your ass!" his mustache twitched as I gulped and he let out a laugh.

"I-uh." I couldn't even talk.

"Relax before you piss yourself, Jasper. If you've come to ask for Bella's hand, it's not me you've got to convince. It's going to be her! She's been worried you're going to ask. And she's not sure what to say. She loves, I know she loves you more than anything, but she thinks you two are too young." he sighs.

"We are. But she's it for me. I don't anyone else. I want to know that she's mine when I'm halfway across the world, sir." I smiled.

"I get it, I do. And maybe with you both going away it'll work. it didn't work for her mother and I because we were 'stuck' here in this town. And her mother didn't like it. I love it. Small town suits me." Charlie smiled.

"I love it too. I want to come back here with Bella someday and raise our family or retire." I smiled.

"I'd like to see that." Charlie smiled. "Just do me a favor?" he asked.

"Yes sir." I smiled.

"Treat her right and never, ever go to bed angry. Even if you're thousands of miles apart, call, text, tweet, whatever you have to do to let her know you're not angry. You always need to be the one to say sorry first, that's just how it goes. And in the field you're going in, you're going to see why. They're going to make you into a 'yes' man, but you better ALWAYS, ALWAYS have a 'SORRY' for your woman when she needs it. Even if it's your fault or someone else's." Charlie told me sternly.

"Got it." I nodded.

"You coming to dinner tonight?" he asked.

"Yes sir. I was going to ask her tonight. I want this ring on her right away." I smiled and showed him the brilliant emerald and diamond ring that was my grandmothers.

"She'll love it." he smiled. "See you in an hour." he dismissed me.

I headed over to Bella's and Emmett answered the door.

"Hey! She's in her room, on the phone with the college, there was some mix up." he shrugged. "She'll be right down." he smiled and we walked into the living room to watch TV.

Bella came down about 20 minutes later with red rimmed eyes and headed straight for the kitchen.

"Hey, what's up?" I wrapped my arms around her.

"Nothing. We'll talk later, let me finish dinner. OK." she sniffled.

"OK." I kissed her temple and walked out.

"Everything OK?" Emmett asked.

"I don't know. She said we'd talk after dinner." I shrugged.

Dinner was a quiet affair, Charlie and I having a silent conversation with our eyes.

Bella's eyes downcast almost the entire meal, not the happy go lucky girl from this afternoon.

Charlie and Emmett offered to clean up so Bella and I could go out to the front porch and talk.

"OK. Spill." I pulled her on my lap.

"I called to finalize my plans for fall, but needed to make some adjustments to the dorm schedule." she sighed.

"Dorm schedule? Why? If you want an apartment, we can work that out babe." I kissed her.

She sucked in a breath and started crying.

"Jasper it wasn't supposed to happen, we were careful. We used protection, I'm on the pill. How? How? How did I get pregnant again?" she sobbed into my chest.

"You're what?" I gasped.

"Shit! I didn't want it to come out like that. I'm so sorry. I'm a horrible, horrible girlfriend." I sobbed again.

"Bella, it's OK." I smiled.

I knelt in front of her.

"I want you to be more, so much more. Please say you'll be mine. Marry Me." I pulled out my grandmothers ring and she started crying again.

"Is that a yes? Please let this be a yes. I can't live without you Bella." I was kissing her face as she nodded a yes.

I heard Charlie and Emmett high fiving each other in the kitchen.

"What about the baby? I've already lost one." she cried.

"We'll make sure you're taken care of. But I do have one request. Please, please stay and go to college in Seattle, be close to your family. Let me buy us a townhouse. Then when I have leave I have a place to come home too. I've got inheritance too." I begged. "Plus I'll be getting paid. It'll all go into a joint account for us." I pulled her to me and she was shaking her head yes, before any words came out.

"Now, let's go tell my dad." she smiled and I nodded.

We broke the news to Charlie.

"While I'm not happy about the pregnancy part, but I know you were safe and if it's meant to be, it'll happen." he smiled hugging us both.

"Thanks Charlie." I shook his hand.

"You can call me dad now." he chuckled.

Emmett shook my hand and threatened me with bodily hard if I hurt his sister.

**BPOV**

We were all in agreement we'd go house hunting this coming weekend and I've have to call the admissions office and accept their offer for admit to UW for fall along with Emmett and he was going to live with me.

Rose and he were still a couple, but she wasn't going to college right away due to how far along she was.

She was living with her parents since her mom was a stay at home mom and could be there with her all the time.

Emmett and Rose would work out the other details after the baby was born, but he knew he had to go to college, he had a full ride to UW on the football team, and they agreed he was going to blow that, as he wanted to get into sports medicine.

I think everything was working out to plan for all of us.

Alice and Riley were in their own little world, both of them were headed to New York to some design academy.

Who knew?

They were both fashionistas and fed off each other, it was hysterical.

Maybe we'd see their own design house one day.

AN:

Sorry for the long delay…

Google Drive IS NOT FanFiction friendly…

So I've had to figure out a way to get it over here…

And FINALLY after much frustration… And trial and error…

I figured out I can cut and paste… It's tedious and a PITA… But because I love writing…

I do it…

I've missed you all SO much and SO much has happened in these weeks I've been MIA…

My stupid upstairs neighbor tried to burn our apartment building down…

We were displaced for a few days…

Had water damage and holes in my ceilings… I was pretty pissed…

The manager said they were gone, kicked out… Then 3 days after we're back, they're back…

I was LIVID!

She won't talk to me and give me answers…

So I've been dealing with that…

And of course the migraine battle wages on and the frustration of not being able to post properly…

It takes twice as long to do a story…

UGH!

I'm trying to get caught up…

I do apologize…

Hugs to you all for sticking by me!

Reviews=Love


	9. Chapter 9

**My Paper Heart **

Chapter 9

Jasper left for Basic Training last week and was so reluctant to do so.

I've had a rough time with morning sickness so far, which I think is mostly because I'm such a nervous wreck about being pregnant, I don't want to lose this baby.

We'd found a nice condo that was family friendly and the all important weight room for Emmett while he's living with me.

It's got two master suite's so when Rose comes up to visit they'll have privacy too and the rooms are nice and big, it also has a small office that I'm going to use as the nursery for now.

Emmett and I were all moved in and Rose was coming up for week long visit before she wasn't able to drive anymore.

I'd been to my doctor and everything was going well, today was big day. I was going to find out what I was having. I so wished I had Jasper here with me and to make things worse, I hadn't heard from him since he left for boot camp.

Emmett and my dad were in the waiting room, waiting for me.

"Bella, how are you feeling today?" the doctor asked.

"Nervous, but at least the vomiting has stopped." I smiled.

"That's good to hear. Any pains or spotting?" she asked.

"No, but I do get to feel the baby move, A LOT and sometimes I think I'm going to be sick because of the movement." I giggled. "And I feel so big and I eat all the time. I feel like I'm going to give birth before my brothers girlfriend and she's due any day now." I sighed.

"Well, let's look at you and see. Lift your shirt and we'll see how far you're measuring and take a look at your precious package." the doctor smiled.

"Well, you're measuring 24 weeks, so that's a little ahead of where we thought you should be. So let's take a look at the baby and see how big it is, that might give us a little better idea." she smiled and put the goop on my belly. "I'm also making a video of this, you said your fiance is at boot camp, right?" she asked.

"Yes ma'am." I replied.

"Well this way he doesn't miss a thing. Plus I'll print out pictures so you can send him one." she nodded.

She ran the wand over my belly clicking here and there and and showed me toes and spine and eyes, assuring me everything was OK. We listened to the heartbeat and then she stopped and looked puzzled.

"Bella, I need to switch to the internal ultrasound. I need to check something out, is that OK?" she asked.

"Of course, you're the doctor." I nodded.

She handed me a towel to wipe off the goop while she got the other machine ready.

Soon we were looking at the baby again.

"Bella, Um, you're having twins." she smiled.

"And they're going to be boys." her smile grew.

"Twins? Boys?" I questioned.

"Yes!" she laughed with me as I started laughing and crying.

She showed me everything.

"I don't know why I couldn't tell before, I guess their heartbeats are about the same, which is uncommon, so we'll keep an eye on that. I want you in my office every two weeks from now on and anytime you have the slightest discomfort." she demanded.

"OK." I smiled.

She handed me everything and told me to make my next appointment.

I walked out after making my appointment bursting to tell my brother and dad.

"Twin boys!" I smiled.

They hugged me tightly and congratulated me.

"I can't wait to tell Jasper. I've got video and pictures." I showed the pictures to them as we walked to the car.

"I can't wait to be a dad.' Emmett beamed.

"You'll be a great one." I smiled.

"But I'm going to miss out on so much." he sighed.

"You're doing it to provide a better future. Think of that." my dad clapped his back.

"I know. You sure you'll be OK for a while alone sis? I gotta be with Rose while she has the babies." he smiled.

"Yes Emmett, I'll be fine. You guys are a phone call away." I shrugged.

We ate dinner before they took off towards Forks and I relaxed for the night with Netflix.

Emmett called me a couple days later announcing he was a father to Cecilia Marie Swan.

They sent me pictures and said they'd be home with her in a few days.

Everything had flown by and I hadn't even thought about how long Jasper had been gone because Rose had been practically living here and things are crazy.

They're actually looking for a place of their own because Emmett can't stand the thought of being away from his daughter and now wife, yes they went to the courthouse and just made it official.

"Bella, you do know that Jasper was sent overseas right?" Rose asked.

"What? No!" I gasped before everything went black.

AN:

Hope you enjoy this little cliffy…

Why wouldn't Jasper invite her to his boot camp/basic training graduation?

Why wouldn't he tell her he's being shipped out?

Reviews=Love


	10. Chapter 10

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 10

"Bells, you OK?" Emmett was holding my head in his lap.

"Uh, yeah. I haven't ate much today. I've felt uneasy and nervous." I sighed.

"And I didn't help that, I'm so sorry. I thought you knew." Rose sighed.

"No. I didn't even know he'd graduated yet. He hasn't called or wrote or anything since he's been away. He doesn't even know we're having twins!" I started crying.

"I'm so sorry sis." Emmett stroked my hair.

"Bella, he got into a lot of trouble while in bootcamp. That could've been why. They take away privileges, the only way I found out is because I'm family." she smiled sadly.

"I'm fucking family too! I'm his goddamn fiance!" I sat up and shouted.

"Bella, you need to remain calm." Emmett scolded.

"Calm? How can I be calm when I have no idea where my fiance is?" I snapped.

"I'm sure when his punishment is up he'll give you a call." Rose tried to calm me.

"What the fuck did he do?" I asked trying to pace with my large belly.

"He kept fighting. That's all I know." she sighed.

"Look, I'm sorry guys. I just need to be alone." I had tears prickling at my eyes.

"Are you sure?" Emmett asked.

"Yeah, I'll be fine." I promise.

"OK, well we've got a couple places we want to look at, so we'll be back soon." Emmett kissed my head.

Once they left I let my tears fall until I fell asleep on the couch.

The next few months flew by and before I knew it Emmett and Rose were moving out.

They'd found a cute little place to rent.

Rose was going to work part time and her parents were going to pay for everything.

My parents were paying for childcare at the on-campus daycare for students, it was really cheap and ran by the teaching students for their grades and volunteer hours.

I had my little ones on the waiting list as well, because I knew I'd need help too in just three short months.

Since Emmett had moved out, I made his room the twins' room, the office wouldn't fit two cribs.

Sitting around going through all the stuff I'd gotten for my babyshower over the weekend and listening to music the babies decided they wanted to put on a bigtime belly show.

I pulled up my shirt and tried to record it as best I could.

You could see them poking out and rolling, I was laughing because it was such an odd sensation when they both started rolling.

Once they finished I sent the video to my family and friends, knowing they liked when I did that kind of thing because it was about the only thing that made me smile anymore.

I was in the middle of putting up the clothes when my cell rang and it was an unknown number.

I usually didn't answer them, but something told me just maybe this one I should.

"Hello?" I questioned.

"Bella? Is it really you?" Jasper's voice sounded tired and weary.

"Jasper?" I whispered. "Why? Why no contact?" I started crying.

"Bella, please calm down. It's not good for the baby." Jasper sighed.

"I'm surprised you even remembered you had me." I snapped.

"That's not fair! I wasn't allowed to call you!" he yelled.

"Why not? Too busy fighting?" I yelled.

"Fucking Rose!" he sighed. "Look, yes. I was fighting, but I don't want to fight about this over the phone. I only get a few minutes OK. I want to hear my beautiful fiance's voice and tell her that there's something special arriving in a day or two." he chuckled.

"Something arriving? Jasper I hate surprises." I sighed.

"It's for the baby." he had a smile in his voice.

"Well then I hope you can get another one, because we're having twins." I smiled as I finally told him.

"What!? Twins? Boys or Girls? You know what, it doesn't matter as long as you're all healthy." I could tell he was crying.

"Boys." I whispered.

"Oh Bella. Are you OK? I know this has been hard and I'm sorry. I'll explain everything face to face, OK? Look, I've got to go. But in the package is all the info. on how we can stay in touch for the most part. I'll have to do the phone calls, but I'll text you next time to make sure you're home and we'll Skype too. OK? I do love you. And as soon as I'm back we're getting married. No ifs ands or buts! Just to the courthouse. I want you to have access to all my stuff. I didn't know they wouldn't call you last time. I'm so sorry baby. So sorry. I've got to go, they're calling time. Call you soon." then the line clicked as I whispered my 'I love you' too.

AN:

OK…

So Jasper is a complete jerk…

He's got some sort of heart… LOL

We'll get to the bottom of everything soon enough… :0)

Reviews=Love


	11. Chapter 11

_****Edited****_

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 11

The past two months have been pretty good.

Jasper and I have talked on the phone twice, shortly, but at least I got to hear his voice and then we were able to Skype once.

I was finally able to get an address out of him so I could mail him a care package. He asked if I'd make it a big one so he could share and I agreed. He also made me swear to put in my peanut butter cookies, which was funny, because his favorites were snickerdoodles, like my brother.

I shrugged and made a ton of cookies, packed all the extras he'd asked for, such as mints, beef

jerky, hard candies and any sports and car magazines I could find.

That part was easy, I just asked Emmett for his old ones.

I only had a month left until my due date and I was miserable.

Peeing every five minutes was a pain in my ass, swollen ankles, not being able to eat more than a few bites at a time and my severe mood swings, I was driving myself crazy. It was probably good Jasper wasn't here.

My dad and Sue were coming down to spend some time with me my dad was staying for the weekend and would be back when it was time for the babies, Sue was staying with me the entire time to help me out.

"Bells, we're on our way. We've just got to stop and pick up a few things." my dad called before they left the house.

"OK, don't be too long though you know Rose gets antsy when we go out to eat too late." I laughed.

"We won't be late and if we run into traffic, Rose and Emmett will come to get you and we'll meet you at the restaurant." my dad sighed.

"OK. I'll see y'all soon. Give Sue my love." I smiled into the phone.

"Will do." he ended with his signature send off.

I took a nap for a couple of hours before getting up to get dressed.

After my nap I decided a shower would wake me up from how tired I'd been feeling.

I dressed in a long flowing maxi dress with flowered print, let my hair hang loose and slipped on

some sandals. I left my face make up free because it was just too much of a hassle.

Rose and Emmett showed up to get me and I wasn't surprised.

"So Sue and dad are running late?" I laughed when Emmett knocked on my door.

"Yeah, the package they had to pick up wasn't ready." he shrugged.

"Figures, Sue is always running late." We both laughed and I locked up the house.

I hugged Rose as I climbed into their Expedition.

"Look at you. You look wonderful!" Rose squealed.

"Thanks. Where's the little one?" I asked.

"My parents surprised us and took her for the weekend." Rose was bouncing.

"Nice! So a baby free weekend. I know you've got to be happy." I smiled.

"Yes, we can sleep!" Emmett groaned.

I laughed until I snorted. "I thought you two would be all about the sex."

"Just wait until those two come out, you'll never sleep again." Emmett snorted too and Rose nodded.

I fell silent.

"Shit. I didn't mean to make you sad. I know it'll be hard without Jasper around for a little while." Emmett sighed.

"No, it's OK. I was actually just imagining how I'm going to manage the breastfeeding. I mean with twins." I shook my head.

"I don't need to hear about your breasts, sis!" Emmett shook his head.

We arrived at the restaurant and lucky enough Rose made reservations, we were seated right away.

We ordered our drinks and some appetizers so they'd be there by the time my dad and Sue arrived. We were talking and laughing when they finally showed up, my dad leaned down to kiss my cheek.

"Dad? Did you shave?" I asked in shock, only to look up and see Jasper standing before me.

"This is the package?" I looked to Sue and my dad who had sat down and they nodded.

I couldn't believe Jasper was standing in front of me.

Jumping up from my seat, as gracefully as possible with my large belly I squealed and hugged him.

"Whoa, careful." he chuckled and that's when I noticed he had a cane.

"What? What happened?" I was panicking.

"I was shot and I'm going to be OK. I'm just on medical leave right now and after I'm reevaluated, I can hopefully go back." he smiled.

"What?" I shrieked.

"Shhh… We don't want to do this now, tonight when we get home." he caressed my face and then my belly and smiled.

"OK." I nodded and we sat down, enjoying our meals and listening to what Jasper could tell us. "Mom and I are staying in a hotel tonight, don't argue, we've already paid for the honeymoon suite." my dad smiled and mom giggled. "UGH! I need brain bleach now." Emmett joked.

Dinner was great, we all planned to meet tomorrow afternoon for lunch before my dad drove back home.

Mom was going to stay with Rose and Emmett for a few days so Jasper and I could have some quality time.

"Look at you. You look radiant." Jasper kissed me softly as soon as the door closed to our house.

"Thank you. I've missed you so much." I hugged him tightly and started to cry.

"Hey, no tears. I'm back, for now." He kissed my forehead.

"I know, there's so much to talk about though." I whispered.

"Later, please. Let me just make love to you tonight." he hugged me.

"Jasper, I'm not exactly in shape to be having sex." I shook my head and tried to push away. "My body looks nothing like it did when you left. It's fat and got stretch marks. It's not pretty." He still held on tight.

"Bella, you'll always be beautiful to me." he pulled me towards our bedroom.

And he did, he made love to me, awkwardly, but we figured it out.

"Bella, I want us to get married while I'm back. Sue and Rose are going to start planning everything, just us… Family." he kissed me softly with his hand on my stomach.

"Yes, as soon as possible." I laid my head on his chest.

"So, can I talk a little without you getting pissed off?" he asked.

I sat up with him and promised to listen.

"So, going in and starting bootcamp, I thought I had a handle on everything and was prepared for anything, or so I thought. Arriving and picking my bunk was easy, most were already taken, so I picked a bottom and started unpacking. Then I hear his voice before I even see him. No one other than Edward Cullen. He was standing there and of course spotted me. _"__Jasper _

_Whitlock, wow!" _ He'd smiled and held out his hand for me to shake. Instead, I punched the shit out of him. NOT the way to start my first day of bootcamp. Because of our differences, we were partnered up, so he was my bunk mate and partner for everything. We fought constantly and ended up cleaning every square inch of our bunks. He kept trying to talk to me and apologize for everything he'd done. I just grew angrier and angrier. When we had our last blowout, they pulled us aside and finally asked what our problem was. We explained and the Corporal just laughed. _"__You're going to not forgive him? What if he has to save your life on the battlefield? Do you think your fiance will care who saved your life?" _ He asked seriously and I shook my head. After that we got along, a little better and I accepted his apology. He must have learned something at military school, because I honestly believe he was sincere. He was happy for us when I told him you were pregnant again, he made me promise to take care of you and this baby. He truly regrets your loss as well." Jasper hugged me close.

"So we got shipped out and we weren't there long as you know. This happened shortly after our last call." he pointed to the bullet wound.

"We were doing a routine check and all of a sudden we encountered enemy fire, our Humvee flipped and we were exposed, Edward's shouting in the comm, our location and the rest of us returning fire. We had to move, and as soon as I get up, they get my leg. Edward risks his life to pull me to safety, we were al most in the clear and then he takes one in the shoulder. With one arm, he still pulled me to safety, after what seemed like forever, we were rescued. We were the only two shot and Edward is actually home now too. He'll um, he'll be there tomorrow." Jasper looked at me with uncertainty.

We were both quiet for a few minutes and looking into each others eyes.

I may have tackled Jasper and had my way with him, hopefully that told him how I felt.

The next afternoon at lunch I was waiting nervously for Edward and his family.

Jasper kept trying to calm me down, but it was no use.

When they walked through the door, I saw my dad grimace, Sue smacked him and told him to behave.

"He only wants to be close to Bella again." he grumbled.

"Dad, please. He saved Jasper's life." I tried not to cry thinking about it.

"Charlie, please." Sue hushed him with a pat to the arm.

I stood up and walked over to Edward, embracing him with a hug.

"Thank you. I know you didn't have to save him. I'm so grateful you did." I kissed his cheek. "I did what any decent person would do. I've learned my lesson about being an ass." he smiled softly at me.

"Just, thank you." I gestured for them to sit down.

We had a great lunch, talking about their time together and filling them in on my pregnancy.

"Bella, are you feeling OK? You look flushed." Carlisle observed.

"I've just been tired a lot and now with Jasper here, I'm more relaxed." I assured him.

"OK. Just making sure. Call if you need anything." he smiled at me.

"Thank you Carlisle." I squeezed his hand.

After lunch Jasper and Edward made plans to have a cookout.

"Is that OK with you babe?" Jasper asked.

"Yeah, sounds good. We can invite all our friends." We planned it for the weekend.

"Let's stop by the store on the way home and get what we need tonight, that way we can stay home and relax tomorrow." Jasper suggested.

"Well, I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow anyway, so it doesn't matter either way" I shrugged.

"You do?" Jasper beamed.

"I do." I smiled.

"OK. Let's go home and celebrate and screw the store." Jasper practically pulled me out after saying a quick goodbye to everyone and saying he'd see them all this weekend.

"Babe, you're going to hurt yourself." I reminded him.

"Bells, I'm not an invalid. I'm just wounded. Please." he gave me a pleading look.

I nodded and kissed him softly.

We made love again that night and the next day at my doctors appointment my doctor told me I needed to take it easy with the 'physical activity' or the little guys were going to come very soon.

Jasper laughed a little harder than he should and I blushed.

The doctor said everything else was good and just urged me to relax and was happy to finally meet Jasper.

After the appointment we went to the store and bought what we need for the cookout.

Then we were relaxing the rest of the day and ordering pizza tonight and watching movies.

Saturday found me in the kitchen baking cookies at 5am because I couldn't sleep.

"Bella, what are you doing?" Jasper walked downstairs around 7am.

"Baking. I couldn't sleep." I shrugged. "I've already made chocolate chip cookies and sugar cookies. I'm working on snickerdoodles now and then peanut butter next. Should I make some pies or a cake?" I asked.

"I think the 40 dozen cookies here are going to be enough." Jasper laughed.

"Trust me, I've done this a million times during my pregnancy." I assured him.

"But you're supposed to be relaxing. That's what the doctor said." he argued.

"This relaxes me." I smiled and kissed him.

"OK, if you say so." he relented and sat at the table as I finished the cookies and he ate some cereal.

After we showered together and finished setting the house up for the cookout. Edward arrived first.

He had several coolers in his truck with drinks and platters of fruit, cheese, crackers and veggies as well as several chips and dips.

"Are you sure there was nothing else I could bring?" he asked.

"Nope, we got all the meats and I made all the desserts this morning. Sue is making the salads and that should about do it." I shrugged. Everyone arrived and we had a great time.

They all loved the nursery, even though it was tiny.

"After we're married I want to buy us a bigger place." Jasper squeezed me tight.

"This is fine for now. I don't know how I'd keep up something bigger clean, while chasing around the little ones anyways." I laughed.

"We'll talk about it." I hushed him with a kiss.

Most people had left it was just my parents, Edward and his family and of course Jasper and I sitting around talking.

Sue and I went in to get more pie for everyone as we were sitting out on the back deck talking and relaxing.

Walking back out to the table, I had a horrible pain rip through my stomach, causing me to drop everything. Plates shattered to the ground, I fell to my knees and everyone came running when they heard Sue screaming.

"Shit! Bella, are you OK?" Jasper came hobbling in.

"No, I think the babies are coming." I started crying.

"Everyone back up." Carlisle shouted.

"Bella. I need you to relax. Let me check you out." Sue placed my head on her lap and he instructed my dad to go get the car ready and for Jasper to go get the bags.

"OK, Bella, I'm going to carry you to the car. I don't want you walking, it looks like you twisted your ankle when you fell." he chuckled.

"I'll drive Sue, Edward and myself." Esme smiled softly.

My dad drove like a bat out of hell to the hospital as Carlisle helped me breathe, since I was on the verge of a panic attack.

Once at the hospital there were nurses and doctors waiting with the gurney for me to rush me up to maternity.

Jasper, Carlisle and I went up first, the rest followed.

They rushed me in for my c section and when I woke up Jasper and my dad were standing there holding my boys. Harrison and Hudson. They were both perfectly healthy, just tiny and bald. They had little beanies on their heads and were bundled in their blankets.

"Would you like to hold Hudson?" my dad asked.

"How can we tell them apart?" I asked.

"Hudson has your birthmark on his knee, see." my dad unwrapped his little body and showed me his knee.

"Oh my goodness, that's the cutest thing." I kissed his birthmark and a little smile graced his face.

I took him in my arms and swaddled him up and then snuggled him.

"Jasper, they're perfect." I started crying.

"I know. Thank you." he leaned over and kissed me. "Rose and Emmett were here, but didn't want to bother you. They'll be back later." he nuzzled Harrison.

"We'll let you all be for a little bit." Sue and dad smiled as Sue snapped a few pictures.

"Thanks Sue." I smiled and kissed her cheek before they left.

"Here. they're asleep. Let me put them in the bed so we can rest." Jasper sighed.

"No, I want to snuggle them." I smiled.

"Bells, come on." he sighed.

"Fine." I handed over Hudson and moved over so he could crawl into bed with me.

Our nap was short lived though. The evil nurses were in two hours later and woke us all up. The good news was we got to go home the next day and we would be able to sleep as much as we wanted without the nurses waking us every two hours.

My Sue and Rose helped me get settled once we arrived home.

Jasper, Emmett and my dad had the boys getting them settled.

Our house was a flurry of activity for the first few weeks and the boys actually had a wonderful sleep schedule. Jasper and I were actually able to get some sleep as well.

Sue was leaving this week and we were planning to all go out to dinner when dad came down to get her. This would be our first outing besides our doctors appointments with the little guys, so we were excited.

Sue and I dressed them and Jasper and dad put them into our SUV and we were off.

Everyone was there and took turns holding the baby while we ate.

The boys were great during dinner, of course we went during their 'nap' time so that was a huge help as well.

Sue and dad left Sunday morning after I made them breakfast and they had snuggle time with the babies.

Sue was a crying mess and I saw dad tear up too.

"I'll come back down in a couple of weeks, OK? You and Jasper can have a day to yourselves." Sue winked.

"Thanks Sue." we laughed.

After they were gone we each took a baby and snuggled on the couch.

"I can't believe how lucky I am. I've found the way back to the love of my life, she gave me two beautiful boys and we've got our entire lives ahead of us." Jasper leaned over to kiss me. "And when you're all healed, we're going to get married and go away just for the weekend, to celebrate before I get deployed again. I want everything official for my wonderful family." he smiled a goofy smile.

"I'm just so glad you were here for all of this. Maybe it was fate that you got shot. I don't know, but whatever it was, I'm glad you're here now." I put my head on his shoulder as we held our babies while they slept.

AN:

I hope this chapter was worth the wait…

Next chapter is the wedding and then it jumps a little bit forward…

Reviews=Love


	12. Chapter 12

**My Paper Heart **

Chapter 12

Today was the day Jasper and I were going to the courthouse to get married and then a little weekend getaway.

The twins were three months old and we've all adjusted quite well.

Sue comes to visit a couple times a month so they've adjusted to her as well and her and my dad will be staying with them this weekend so we can get away.

Jasper's therapy is going slower than he likes, but I'm secretly liking it, it means he'll be home with us a little longer. After the courthouse,

Emmett and Rose were hosting a reception at their house, we just wanted a cookout, family and friends get together, so that's what we're getting.

My dad and Sue were going to the courthouse with us to help with the twins, Sue had bought these cute little paper boy like outfits for the twins and they had little hats too, the boys loved wearing hats. Jasper was wearing a pair of charcoal pants, a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up and a charcoal tie. I choose a white sundress, it was loose and flowy, since I still had a belly (at least to me I did) and a pair of white sandals.

We were ready to go.

The ceremony was quick and we were at Emmett and Rose's before we knew it.

We had a wonderful afternoon and when evening approached we headed back to the house to help dad and Sue put the twins down.

We hugged them and then took off for our short 30 minute drive to Willows Lodge.

I couldn't wait to see the room Jasper had reserved for us, all I knew was that it was the lodge and close by in Wine Country, it sounded perfect for our quick honeymoon.

When we reached our room, Jasper was quick to scoop me up against my protests and carry me across the threshold. The room was breathtaking,and faced the forest.

It had a huge jacuzzi tub that had just been drawn for us with rose petals floating in it and champagne waiting.

Jasper wasted no time in striping us down and pulling us over and into the tub where we proceed to make love, drink champagne and eat the chocolate covered strawberries provided for us as well.

It was the perfect evening.

We did couples massages, ate a romantic nice course dinner with the most fabulous wine, that we were taking back for gifts for everyone.

But mostly we spent the weekend in bed, enjoying each other.

The twins were now toddling around, pulling up on things and trying to figure out how to walk. I think Harrison will be the first, he's the one letting go all the time. Hudson is a little more cautious, he's definitely going to take after me and he's also babbling more than Harrison too. We've started planning the twins first birthday party and Jasper is in talks to take some sort of test to see if he's ready to return to active duty soon.

Edward leaves next week.

He's become a big part of our life believe it or not and Jasper and him have become very close.

The boys call him Uncle and he lives up to the responsibility.

He spoils them beyond belief and he's usually over every weekend playing ball with Jasper and the boys, Emmett included Cecilia, because she 'wasn't going to be a sissy girl', he said.

Rose and I stayed in the kitchen catching up and making lunch.

Edward gave the boys their birthday presents since he'd miss the party. He'd bought them each

a powered Dodge truck,, they've been driving them around ever since. Sharing with Cecilia of course.

The day of the twins party was pure craziness.

We had so many people at our house between family, friends and a few of Jasper and Edward's buddies had stopped over to see Jasper as well. Everyone was having a blast it seems, except for me.

I was exhausted. I didn't sleep well last night, my stomach was hurting, and so now I was cranky and Jasper was staying away, which was smart because we tended to argue, but that in the end usually made things worse.

As we sat around eating lunch and the kids played with all the presents, Jasper sat to the side with his buddies, whispers and serious faces.

"What's up with your hubby?" Emmett asked with a serious face.

"Your guess is as good as mine. He knows I was up sick all night and yet he's sat around with them all day whispering, he's also been on the phone a lot more. I'm kind of worried. I think he'll be going back soon. His evaluation is next week and I'm wondering if this has something to do with that. He and Edward were all secretive too, before Edward left." I sighed.

"You knew it was going to happen." My dad warned.

"I know dad." I snapped.

"Bells." he looked at me sadly.

"Sorry, I'm just not feeling well and I'm tired." I shook my head.

They told me they understood and helped out with the boys and cleanup, all while Jasper never left his spot.

After the party was over, Rose and Emmett offered to take the twins for the night, knowing

Cecilia would love the company and me the downtime.

Dad reminded me they were a phone call away, Sue gave me a big hug and Carlisle told me if I

still felt bad on Monday to come into his office, I agreed, no arguing with Carlisle. I closed up the house, because Jasper was in his office, on the phone again and went to shower. He slides in with me and starts to get handsy. "Don't even think about it Jasper Whitlock." I snapped.

"What? I can't touch my wife?" he asked.

"No you can't. Especially when you ignored her all day, knowing she's sick and hadn't slept last night. Not to mention you practically ignored your boys today." I pushed my finger into his chest and started crying.

He held me while I cried

"Are you finished?" he asked.

I nodded and after our shower he pulled me on the bed to talk.

"Look, I'm sorry. I couldn't say anything just yet because I didn't know. But I will be leaving again in about three weeks." he hugged me close before I could hit him.

"Three weeks? That's all the notice you're giving me? I thought you were going in for your reevaluation next week?" I shoved him away.

"I was, but they went to my PT and got all the info they needed, I just had to take a few tests.

There's something big. I'm sorry." he shook his head and started pacing.

"Can't you give me anything?" I asked and he shook his head no.

"I'm sorry. I can't, it's all classified." he hugged me close.

"Promise me you'll be safe and come back to us, OK?" I kissed him softly.

"Bella…" he snuggled into my hair.

"I know, I know. You can't make that promise." I cried.

"Hey, come on. Let's make these three weeks the best for us. OK? No fighting, no tears. And we've got Skype to keep in touch, I won't be in trouble." he kissed me.

"Let's get away for a few days." I smiled at him. "Just the four of us, a little mini vacation." I shrugged.

"OK. We'll leave Friday." he insisted on planning everything.

We spent the rest of the night making love and reconnecting.

He couldn't answer simple questions for me as we laid in bed, such as "how long would he be gone?", "where was he going?", "how dangerous was it?". He just looked at me with a sad face and said "If I could tell you, I would. But, it's classified." and hugged me closer.

AN:

Sorry I've been MIA… AGAIN…

Lots of doctor's appointments and after school events with my boys…

Trying to keep up…

Hoping to get answers SOON… :0)

Hope you enjoyed this chapter and the crazy that is Bella and Jasper…

Reviews=Love


	13. Chapter 13

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 13

Jasper's been gone for four weeks now and I still feel like crap.

I'm braking down and going to see Carlisle today, because I actually think I'm pregnant, all I do is cry and throw up.

Rose is keeping the boys.

"This is so exciting! I hope you're pregnant." Rose smiled as I dropped the boys off.

"Oh, so exciting. I've already got my hand full with these two. Adding another one to the mix." I sighed.

"You know you'll be happy." Rose hugged me.

"Yes, I will but I'll probably have to do it all alone. No way Jasper will be back in time." I reminded her.

"We're here for you. You're never alone." She gave me a look.

"You know what I mean." I rolled my eyes.

"I do. But you remember what I said." She gave me the stink eye.

I left for my appointment and was nervous the entire time.

"Bella!" Carlisle called me personally and several of the patients gave me dirty looks.

"Looks like some of your patients don't like you giving me special treatment." I laughed.

"Tough! You're still like a daughter to me." He hugged me tight.

I started crying.

"Hey, let's check out these hormone levels. I'm thinking you're around 6-8 weeks." He smiled.

He did the weight, blood and urine as well as the blood pressure and everything was fine, including the fact that I was pregnant.

"Let's do an ultrasound and see what we've got." Carlisle smiled.

Carlisle took some measurements and pictures then turned on the sound, making me smile.

"You're actually between 8 and 9 weeks, so right in there." He smiled.

"That sounds about right." I agreed.

We went over prenatal care and he warned me about stress, especially since Jasper was gone.

"If you need anything, help with the boys, whatever… Call us. We're here to help too." He hugged me tight.

"Thanks Carlisle I needed to hear that." I smiled and kissed his cheek.

I'd be back in eight weeks and have another check-up even though it'd be a little early, he was going to do another ultrasound.

Telling everyone the good news, I couldn't wait for Jasper's call.

It'd been over a week since I talked to him, but I knew he was in a bad area, that's all he could tell me.

Carlisle and Esme confirmed that, they hadn't heard from Edward in a really long time.

It'd be another two weeks before I heard from Jasper.

"Hey babe." My Skype pinged as I was scrolling Facebook.

"Jasper!" I smiled and started crying.

"Hey, don't cry." He smiled tiredly.

"That's all I seem to do now a days" I laughed.

"Why? Are the boys OK?" he asked.

"Yes. They're fine. Growing, walking, talking and they're happy they're going to big brothers." I smiled.

"What?" Jasper looked at me funny.

"You heard me. They're going to be big brothers.

"How the fuck is that even possible Bella?" he stood up and was pacing now. "Did you fuck somebody else?" he snapped and threw something.

"What? No! How fucking dare you! I'm 9 weeks you son of a bitch! I don't know what that place has done to you, but don't call me again until you know your wife better than that!" I hit the end button and shut my computer. Sobbing.

I called Rose and told her what happened.

"Bella, he's probably just stressed and then that was dropped on him." She reasoned.

"I don't care. He accused me of cheating!" I shouted.

My phone beeped and it was an unknown number.

"I've got to go, it's an unknown." I sighed.

"Hello?" I snapped.

"Babe. I so sorry." Jasper cried. "I was caught off guard and I just…" he trailed off.

"You don't know what that was like Jasper." I cried.

"No I don't. I'm so sorry." He cried.

"Can we just have one happy moment?" I asked.

"I'm so afraid I'm missing out on so much and you're going to have to go through this one without me." He took a shuddering breath.

"I know, I've already thought about all that, trust me." I cried.

"I'll try and be in touch more. I can't promise anything though. It's not easy here though. There's a lot going on and I'm in the middle of something really stressful." He let out a breath.

"I'm so sorry. I wish you could tell me what's going on so I could make you feel better." I sighed.

"Me too baby, me too." He chuckled but it wasn't a good one. "Look, I've got to go. I'll call again soon. I'm so sorry. I love you and I'm so fucking happy." He kissed the phone before hanging up.

I called Rose bad and told her what happened.

"See, told you." She sassed.

"I know, I know. But it still hurt." I reminded her.

I was now halfway through my pregnancy and today I was going for my ultrasound to see what I was having.

"Welcome Bella! Esme is waiting in the office in case you want someone with you. Sue called her and told her they were unable to make it due to her being a bit under the weather." Carlisle smiled.

"Yeah, she's got a cold and didn't want to risk me or the boys getting it, even though I assured her the boys have brought plenty home from daycare." I laughed.

"Oh yes. I remember those days." He nodded.

"Well, let's see what we're having." He got started.

"Oh Bella, thank you for letting me share this day with you." Esme smiled.

"Thank you for being here." I squeezed her hand.

"OK, it looks like we're having a girl. She's on full display Bella. No guessing." Carlisle laughed.

I started crying.

"Bella, what's wrong?" Esme rubbed arm.

"I'm just so happy." I laughed through my tears.

"I can't wait to meet this little one." Carlisle smiled.

And we all agreed.

"Haley, her name will be Haley Sue." I smiled.

"Oh Bella, that's beautiful." Esme hugged me.

"I hope Jasper likes it. I've dreamt she was a girl and I've dreamt about this name, so I know it's the right one." I told them both.

"Then that it is." Carlisle agreed.

At home that night I told the boys they were having a sister and showed them the pictures, they happy for what they understood.

We had their favorites of chicken nuggets and mac n cheese for dinner.

After they were tucked in I called everyone and told them.

Sue was crying and so upset she wasn't at the appointment now.

"There will be more appointments Sue and the actual birth." I chuckled.

"I know." She cried. "But how many times does a baby get names after you?" she asked.

We talked for a little while before I made her get some rest. She and dad would be down over the weekend.

My next call was Rose and Emmett. They were extremely happy and Rose couldn't wait to start helping me decorate a girl's room.

"Are you going girly?" she asked.

"I haven't decided yet. I honestly haven't allowed myself to even look. I'm going to redo the boy's room too. Change their cribs to the toddler bed and go to something more big boy that'll last them a few years." I shrugged to myself.

"That's a great idea. Make them feel special too." She agreed.

We chatted over ideas for a little while and agreed we'd go with Sue this weekend and let Charlie and Emmett have a weekend.

We'd also invite Esme, since she was great at decorating.

I was finally looking forward to all this.

I could do it.

AN:

Bella is going to be strong!

She's going to be alone through this, as far as Jasper is concerned…

He'll be gone for a while…

Reviews=Love


	14. Chapter 14

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 14

At 36 weeks I was miserable!

Haley's room was finished, as were the boy's room and they loved it.

I talked to Jasper at least once a week, but things were slow going and they still hadn't acquired what they were after.

He said he was lucky he even got to talk to me, they were on blackout most of the time, but since I was pregnant, they gave him a little time each week.

"Jasper, I'm scared." I told him recently.

"Why?" he asked truly baffled.

"Because you're not here. I need you here." I started crying.

"Babe, don't do this now. I have to know that you're strong and can get through this. I wouldn't be able to concentrate knowing you're having a hard time." He touched the screen.

"I have everyone here, but it's not the same. Sue came down to stay and help for a while." I wiped my tears.

"See, you're going to be just fine. I'm going out in the field and won't be able to contact you. I don't know how long, but as soon as it's safe, I'll call again. I've got to go. I miss you and the boys. Tell them I love them." He smiled before the screen went black.

The next few weeks flew by in a flurry.

Sue had come to stay with the boys and me and was a huge help.

Dad was coming this weekend to be here for the baby (Sue had a feeling) and he actually took a couple of weeks off to be here after the baby too, they knew I needed them.

We went out to dinner when dad arrived and I was enjoying my spaghetti loaded with meatballs and Italian sausage. I also had a salad and was saving room for dessert.

Harrison and Hudson were enjoying their pizza and watching a cartoon on their tablet.

Sue, dad and I talked about all things Haley and what I was going to do when she was old enough for daycare.

"It's not like my job doesn't let me work from home." I shrugged. "I'd rather hire a nanny, especially if Jasper is still gone."

"Well, we wanted to let you know that your dad is retiring next year and we've found a house here and I'd love to watch Haley and the boys after they're out of daycare." Sue smiled.

I didn't even realize I was crying until my dad wrapped me in a hug and wiped my tears.

"Baby girl, we'll always be here for you. I wanted this to be a surprise, not to make you cry." My dad smiled.

"I'm crying happy tears dad. I've been thinking about getting a small place in Forks just to be close to you two, but knew it would confuse the boys." I sniffed and wiped the tears off my face.

"We're more than happy to move here. I'm retiring from Forks, but Seattle needs a new police chief." He shrugged.

"What? Wow! I'm so happy for you!" I hugged him tightly.

"I can't wait to be close to these babies all the time." Sue gushed.

"So, you're retiring in a few months?" I asked.

"As of March, I'll be retired. I'll have two weeks off to move and settle in before my new job starts." He informed me.

"I can't wait!" I smiled widely.

"We'll come and visit often, especially with Esme overseeing our renovation." Sue exclaimed.

"I can't wait to see it." We finished dinner and they told me about their little bungalow they'd bought and were having it refurbished.

Afterwards we all went for ice cream and then home to tuck to very sleepy boys into bed.

I kissed my dad and Sue goodnight and headed to bed.

I awoke to the smell of bacon and eggs.

It was so nice to have someone here to take care of me, just a little.

Walking into the kitchen the boys were eating Cheerios and dad was reading the paper, while Sue cooked breakfast.

"Let me help." I offered with a smile.

"I don't think so. You're due anytime no way am I letting you work." Sue stated with a gleam in her eye.

I sat down and let Sue serve us.

After breakfast I bathed the boys, my dad was taking them to the park today while Sue and I made sure we had everything we needed for Haley.

While I was showering I felt a gush and warm liquid on my leg.

My water had broken.

I wasn't having close contractions, so I just finished and then calmly dressed and waddled downstairs.

"Sue, our plans have changed." I chuckled.

"Really?" she asked.

"Yeah, we'll be taking a detour to the hospital. My water broke in the shower." I smiled.

"Oh my!" she dropped the kitchen towel and ran to get her purse.

"You can call dad and everyone else once we get there and checked in." I informed her.

Six hours later we welcomed Haley Sue Whitlock into our lives.

AN:

I know it's short, but I'm getting caught up on all my stories…

I hope you enjoyed it…

Reviews=Love


	15. Chapter 15

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 15

Haley was 5 months old rolling around and babbling up a storm.

Sue and dad had just moved into their house a few weeks ago, but have been visiting on dad's days off since she was born and needless to say, she's got dad and her brothers wrapped around her little finger.

Everyone swears she's the spitting image of me, with the exception of Jasper's curls.

Speaking of Jasper, he's got to Skype twice since she's been born, once was a month and a half after she was born, so it was a surprise when he was met face to face with his daughter instead of his boys and wife and then just last week we'd Skyped again.

He still has no date on when he'll be home. The boys cried this time when he said goodbye, they miss him so much and want him home, I could tell it bothered him a great deal to see his boys cry.

Having Sue close was a huge help, not just for me, but for her as well.

My dad, although home on the weekends most of the time was gone a little bit more than the usual 9-5 they were used to in Forks, there was a little more crime in Seattle. But, we had family meals every Sunday and Saturday was generally their day. Occasionally they'd take the boys so I could have some quiet time or Rose and Emmett would take them and Sue and dad would take Haley so I could have a complete day to unwind, especially since we seemed to be going through about a three month period of nothingness from Jasper and it was taking its toll on me this time.

Rose and Emmett spent a lot of time with me and the kids to help pass the time and to try and fill that void. Emmett was great at taking the boys out and about doing boyish things with them and any boy's things that came up around town he and dad took them too such as car shows and fishing tournaments.

Sitting at home on a lonely Saturday night there's a knock at my door. Looking at the clock, it reads 8:00pm. My heart sinks a little as I make my way to the door.

Taking a deep breath before I look out the peephole, I close my eyes and say a little prayer before I take that dreaded look.

Letting out a breath and looking at the same time a huge smile crosses my face as I pull open the door and throw my arms around Edward's neck.

"Oh my goodness! What? When?" I ask as tears flow down my face.

"Uh, can I come in, I'm not too steady." He pointed down to his leg.

"Oh my!" I motioned for him to come in.

We had a seat on the couch and he proceeded to tell me that he'd got shot while they were out in the field and he got separated from his group, he was captured and the enemy used the wound as a form as torture. By the time it was treated, it was too late, so he lost his left leg from the knee down.

"Bella, she's Beautiful." He smiled, as soon as he laid eyes on the picture of Haley.

"Thanks, she really is all Jasper." I shook my head. "I see his personality in her already." I smiled.

"She's stubborn?" he asked.

"That's to put it nicely. She'll give him a run for his money and once he meets her, he'll be wrapped around her little finger just like every other man in her life is and he won't stand a chance." I laughed.

"It's good to see you laughing. I know you've been through a lot. My parents said that your parents are here and helping too." He smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes.

"What's wrong Edward? I know you." I sighed.

"I'm just worried for Jasper when he does come back. He was _OUT_ there when we were last together, we he rescued me. He wasn't the same Jasper I knew." He shook his head.

"He's seemed fine, just really sad that he can't be home." I shrugged.

"Yeah, but you said you haven't had contact since right after the baby was born, right?" he asked.

"Right…" I hedged.

"And did he cry or anything?" he looked at me seriously.

"He did. That's not like him." I assured.

"Yeah, Jasper is going through some serious shit. It's all building up and he's starting to crack. I don't think he'll be stable when he gets back. If you need me, call. I'll be with my parents." He stood to leave.

"That goes both ways. I don't work outside the house, so call anytime." I hugged him goodbye.

Now I just hoped and prayed my husband came back to me, at least some of the man he left me as.

AN:

Hope I didn't disappoint too much with this chapter…

I know it's short, just trying to get caught up in my updates…

Been behind do to being so sick… SORRY…

:0(

Thanks to everyone who's still hanging in there…

:0)

Reviews=Love


	16. Chapter 16

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 16

Planning the boys second birthday had been my focus.

They wanted a pirate theme, so I'd been buying stuff for the past couple of months to go all out and make their day special, especially since their dad wasn't here.

Edward and his parents had bought them a huge outside playset that looked like a pirate ship, the boys were currently in there playing while Rose, Sue and I sat up for the party.

They had about 10 kids from daycare showing up along with parents.

Sue had made their cake. It was actually cupcakes that look like a pirate ship. It was adorable.

"Sue I think you missed your calling as a cake decorator." I smiled.

"Oh, it's nothing. Not that hard at all." He scoffed.

"Why do you think I'm getting so fat." My dad came up behind us and kissed her cheek.

We chatted away while we finished up, awaiting our guests.

The doorbell rang and I went to let whatever guest had arrived an hour early. Standing there with flowers and two gift bags was Edward.

"Oh Edward, I don't think the boys will enjoy flowers." I smacked his arm.

"The flowers are for Haley and these are for the boys." He smiled.

"Flowers for Haley?" I raised a brow.

"Well…" He hedged.

"Come in Edward, we'll put these in water." I smiled.

I then showed him where the boys were and he was more than excited they were enjoying it.

Seeing Edward walk outside the boys ran towards him.

"Unca Ed!" The boys called in unison.

"Hey guys. What's up?" he asked.

"We're loving out new pwayset." Hudson hugged his good leg.

"Good, I'm glad you boys are enjoying it. You're going to share with all your friends today, right?" he asked messing up Harrison's curls.

"Yes sir!" They give him a crazy salute he taught them and we're all laughing as they run off to play.

"Bella, can I talk to you before it gets too crazy?" he asked nodding to the inside.

"Yes. Sue will you watch them?" I asked.

"Of course dear." She squeezed my hand as I walked away.

"What's up Edward?" I asked.

"I called my Lieutenant to see if I could get any answers for you. And he said their mission won't be over for maybe another six months. Jasper is in the field, that's why no contact. And you didn't hear this, OK? But he's been undercover. So when he comes back, he's going to need some help. I'll be here to make sure he gets it. Every step of the way." He hugged me tight and I had to hold back the tears.

"Edward, is he going to be OK?" I asked.

"I don't want to lie to you Bella. I really don't know." He sighed.

"Thank you for that. I really appreciate ALL you do for us." I hugged him again.

"Bella for all I put you through, it's the least I can do. We'll always be friends." He squeezed my hand before we walked back out.

The party was a success, all the kids were sugared up when they left and on their way to Napville. We had tons of things to do, to wear them out and my two were currently in the grass playing with Haley.

It's been three months since the boy's birthday, I was currently at home alone because Rose and Emmett wanted to take the kids to the zoo. Who was I to argue?

I'd already cleaned the house top to bottom and I was currently relaxing on the back porch when my phone rang. Not looking I picked it up.

"Hello?" I said.

"Bella? Baby is it you?" Jasper sounded frantic.

"Jasper? Yes, yes it's me." I started crying.

"No, don't cry. I don't have long. I just want you to know I miss you all and I'm sorry." Then the line was dead.

I sat there staring at my phone and crying.

That's where Rose found me when they came home.

"Bella? Bella! Snap out of it." She lightly slapped my cheek.

"What?" I blinked and realized it was almost dark outside.

"What happened Bells?" she asked concerned.

"Jasper." I started crying again.

"What do you mean Jasper?" I could her the panic in her voice.

"He- he called. It was short and he said he didn't have much time. He misses us and he's sorry." I started crying again.

"OK. Shhhh. I'm going to call Carlisle and have him come look at you." I didn't reply, I was still in shock.

All I remember was Carlisle asking me a few questions and a shot.

Waking up I heard laughter and the boys laughing.

I walked downstairs in a daze to see what was going on.

I walk into the living room and Edward and the boys have made a blanket tent, complete with the 'NO GIRLS ALLOWED' sign.

"Is everything OK? How'd you get in here Edward?" I was in a stupor.

"Yeah, I came with my dad last night. Rose and Emmett kept Haley and I offered to sleep on the couch to take care of the boys today." He smiled.

"Thanks, but you don't have to." I tried to dismiss him.

"No mommy, we want Unca here." Hudson smiled.

"Ok. I'll go make breakfast then." And they all broke out into laughter.

"Bells, it's lunch time… Almost. How about you go shower and then we can go get pizza before we get Haley." Edward suggested.

"Lunch time?" I shrieked.

"It's OK. I fed them a healthy breakfast and got them ready. We're doing fine." Edward motioned for me to go upstairs to get ready.

Christmas was fast approaching and Jasper's call had been all but forgotten.

While out buying gifts for friends, family and the kids; I made sure to buy Jasper some things too.

Just because.

Everyone decided we'd do Christmas at our house so the boys could have some normalcy and with Haley too, it'd just be easier.

My house looked like a store threw up all over the place.

Everyone's gifts were here and my living room was packed.

They were all going to stay the night and we'd let the kids wake us on Christmas morning.

Christmas Eve was great. Esme and Sue had made a wonderful dinner and I'd made the breakfast casserole for the morning.

Rose had bought desserts and I'd made cookies with the boy all week, so there was plenty to go around.

Christmas morning was great.

The kids had a blast opening everything and I took a million pictures, trying to capture it all for Jasper, whenever.

That night the boys and I sat drinking hot cocoa after Haley was asleep and reading a book.

They were such good boys when it was time to settle down.

The week up to New Years was crazy. The boys had no daycare and we'd had a bad snowstorm so we were pretty much homebodies.

They played with all their toys and were excited for the 'New Party' as they called it at dad and Sue's.

I was going out with Emmett, Rose and Edward to some fancy New Year's Eve party.

They threatened me so I had no choice.

We had a blast, all laughing and having fun. It felt good to dress up and go to an adult only function.

At the stroke of midnight is when I felt left out.

Edward had met someone there and was currently kissing her and Emmett and Rose looked like they were getting ready to dry hump each other.

I just sat in the corner sipping my wine.

After the party, around 2am we all piled into separate cabs to head home.

I sighed as I finally arrived at my house. My feet were killing me and I wanted to let my hair down, which is what I did as soon as I stepped out of the cab.

Running my hands through my hair as I walked up the walkway, I grabbed my keys and opened the door.

Gasping as soon as I turned on the light.

AN:

WTH?

I know, I left you a cliffie…

Thanks for sticking around!

Reviews=Love


	17. Chapter 17

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 17

"Where the hell were you?" I gasp at the familiar, yet foreign voice speaking once I turned the light on.

"Jasper?" I questioned.

"Who the fuck do you think it is? Don't you recognize your own husband?" he spat.

"Of course I do. You've lost weight and your voice is off." I kicked off my shoes and sat down.

"You still haven't answered my question. Where the hell were you?" he snapped.

I stood up and began my tirade "Who are you to question where the hell I've been? You've been MIA for months and then decide to show up and question me? I don't think so! I've been a single mom for all those months, I know you've been off on secret missions and risking your life but that doesn't give you a right to come in here and ask where I've been!" I screamed in his face.

Standing up and approaching me he sneered "You're my wife! And if you've been out on a date I have a fucking right to know." He grabbed my arm and pulled me to him.

"Let me go!" I said through clenched teeth. "You're hurting me!"

"Who were you with?" he was now right in my face and seething. His grip was so bad that I started crying.

"Emmett, Rose and Edward. We went to a New Year's Eve party." I finally yanked my arm away and he looked like he'd been slapped in the face.

"You were with Edward!" he yelled.

"And Emmett and Rose. They wanted me to go out and relax. I never have anytime to myself." I sighed.

"Where's Edward now?" his eyes were dark and murderous.

"I suppose he's either at home or with the girl he met and was kissing all night." I walked away and up to my room.

"So who were you with?" he followed me.

"NO ONE! I was the odd one out… As I have been! I don't go any FUCKING place unless it's to dinner, so I don't have to deal with it… It's also very hard to go out with three children, do you know that? Do you know what it's fucking like? I love my babies with ALL my heart, but the one time I fucking decide to actually GO OUT, you show up and get all possessive. Guess what Jasper, I don't need it!" I slammed the bathroom door in his face, locking it and sliding down, crying.

"God damn it Bella! Get out here." He was pounding on the door.

"Jasper, I need a shower. I need some time." I took in a shaky breath.

I stayed in the shower until it ran cold, brushed my hair and teeth, put my lotion on and then slowly entered the bedroom, ready for round 2.

Jasper was sitting on the balcony, smoking.

"If you put that out and come in here we can try and talk like adults." I said softly.

He stubbed it out and walked in.

"Let me shower quickly." He avoided my eyes.

He was out before I could finish dressing and walked up behind me kissing my shoulders and I started to cry.

"Shhh… I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled like that. I'm so sorry. I didn't want our reunion to be like this." He kissed my neck.

"Did you really think I'd move on Jasper?" I turned around to look in his eyes.

"I didn't know what to think when I came home and no one was here. All I wanted was a nice reunion with my family." He squeezed me tight. "After everything I've seen, done and been through; all I could think about is my family."

"I want to be here for you Jazz, but I need to know that we're OK. That you're NOT going to freak out if the kids don't come to you and hover with Emmett and Edward, they've been here for them." I caressed his cheek and he leaned into it.

"I want you Bella, I'm so sorry. Please let me have you, it's been too long." He pleaded with me.

"Take me. I've missed you. I love you." I reached up to kiss him.

We made slow, passionate love and then snuggled in each other's arms. Oh how much I've missed him.

"Does anyone know you're back?" I broke the silence.

"Not yet." He sighed.

"How long are you back for?" I chanced.

"I hope for quite a while. I was gone longer than usual this past time and took on _extra duties_." He ground out the last part.

"Let me help you forget, even if it's temporary. Let's just be Bella and Jasper right now." I kissed down his chest noticing new scars, but didn't say anything. He was very private about his scars.

We weren't gentle the second time around.

I let him take me like his life depended on it, because I think in a way it did.

Was I scared his temper was going to come out at the worst time? Hell yes.

But I'd be by his side and try to calm him when it did. Remind him he's still human, not a killing machine.

Now to see how the kids react tomorrow.

I curled into his side and fell fast asleep.

Until I was woke up in the worst possible way.

AN:

So… Whose happy Jasper is back?

What do you think of Bella's reaction?

Leave me some love…

Reviews=Love


	18. Chapter 18

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 18

Being woken up by a man screaming like a child or in a murderous rage was horrifying.

That's exactly how Jasper had woken up every night since he's been home for the past month. I've begged him to see a therapist, talk to someone and he just yells at me and tells me I have no idea what he went through. He's right, I don't and after hearing those screams, I don't think I want to know. I do know that he needs help. I've been talking to Edward, which Jasper would be furious if he knew, they weren't on speaking terms at the moment, I'm again thinking it had something to do with his last mission. Edward said he's been seeking the help of a therapist because he's having the same issues and has urged me to get Jasper to one. Again, I've tried. He thinks it'll all work itself out.

"Jasper, it's been over a month now and you're still having these _dreams;" _I stressed. Heaven forbid I call them nightmares. I'd only made that mistake once. "It's disturbing everyone's sleep and the kids are scared of you. You're short with them and I can't deal with this much longer."

"So you're giving up on me? After you said you'd be there for me!" he accused.

"NO! I'm not giving up on you, you're giving up on yourself. Get some help! If not, get out." I'd finally said what I'd been dying to say for a couple weeks. "Edward ga…." Jasper stopped me mid-sentence.

"You've been talking to him behind my back? What the fuck Bella? I asked you NOT to talk to him and you deliberately disobeyed me!" he was in my face and scary when he was like this.

"No, I never promised NOT to talk to him. You're the one who said YOU didn't want to talk to him." I snapped. "He's going to Dr. Eleazar, said he's the top in the field."

"I know who he is." He snapped and walked away to the balcony to smoke.

"I don't want you doing that here. The kids will see." I said softly.

"This is MY house, if you don't like it. Leave." He lit up and turned away from me.

I went to shower, crying the entire time. I'd made up my mind, I'd call my parents to see if we could stay with them. Jasper could have his house.

Jasper was gone, nowhere to be found when I got out of the shower. This wasn't unusual, he often left early in the morning and came back late at night. I got the children ready for daycare and preschool, called my parents on the way home and my dad said he'd be right over to help me, Sue was out shopping.

I was in the middle of packing our bags when the front door chimed, signaling my dad was here. I continued on my task until I heard Jasper stomping towards me.

"What the fuck are these?" he pulled me out of the closet and shoved me towards the suitcases.

"You said to leave if I didn't like it, I don't. I'm taking the kids to my parents until you decide to get some help." I tried to stay calm, although I knew that deadly look in his eyes.

I was on the floor before I knew what hit me. Jasper had swept my feet out from under me and was currently straddling me. "You're not going anywhere with my fucking children!" he had a death grip on my upper arms and was slamming me into the floor, looking like he was going to kill me.

"Jasper, stop! You're hurting me." I cried.

"Hurting you? I'll show you pain!" he screamed in my face, climbing off me, I tried to scramble away, but he was deadly fast, grabbed my right leg and rammed his fist into it, causing a snap and me to scream out in pain. "That's nothing." He sneered and I swear it wasn't Jasper at that moment. He started punching me in the face until he was pulled off me. Looking up I saw my dad and he was murderous as he tackled Jasper and handcuffed him and then zip tied his legs. "You think these will keep me down?" he laughed a cold dark laugh. "They didn't work too well last time did they scumbag." He was seething so bad not that he was struggling and spitting as he talked.

My dad was on the phone, I laid on the floor curled up and crying. For the loss of my husband and my pain.

I registered resistance in the background, but Jasper had punched my face so hard and so many times that I couldn't see and I could taste blood.

"Baby girl, we'll get you safe and taken care of." My dad whispered as he picked me up. "We'll try and get Jasper help too." He promised.

I was in the hospital for a week. They'd had to reset my cheekbone due to his forceful blows to my face.

The children were staying between my parent's house and Rose and Emmett.

I was being released today and my dad walked in looking sad.

"Bells, they're asking you to press charges against Jasper." He sighed.

"Dad…" I got choked up and had to stop, it hurts too bad and not just my face.

"Bells I know he needs help. But what he did to you." He shook his head.

"It wasn't him dad. You saw the look in his eyes. That wasn't my Jasper."

"Bells, you can't go around him. He's not in his right state of mind. We showed him the pictures of you and he freaked out, blaming us for doing that to you."

"I'm telling you dad, something bad happened to him last time. Edward agrees. Jasper needs to be forced in care. But I won't press charges." I shook my head. "I still love my husband."

"Then we'll force him into care." My dad stated with finality.

I agreed. I wouldn't let him around the child or myself until he was treated.

AN:

Sorry for the roughness, but you HAD to know Jasper was messed up…

He'll get help… We'll look into that next chapter.

Reviews=Love


	19. Chapter 19

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 19

Jasper was put into a mental health hospital after what happened.

He was there for three months before they released him.

We'd immediately set up a meeting at the counselor's office that they'd referred us too and were currently going to meetings several times a month. Jasper and I together and then alone.

The children and I were in a rental house; I couldn't go back into our house after what had happened.

My friends and family had packed up our stuff and moved it for us.

I was currently writing articles on PTSD and its effects on families and marriages. It helped me cope and understand more.

As per the agreement, Jasper isn't allowed to be alone with the children or myself. He still hadn't accepted that he'd beat me so severely. His visits with the children were with one of my dad's deputies and I didn't meet with him, except at the counselor's office. I still got nervous around him.

"Bella, why can't I kiss you goodbye?" he'd asked after one particular session about intimacy.

"Jasper, I still don't trust you after what happened, especially when you can't take the blame for it. I didn't press charges because I love you and want us to be together, whenever you decide to get help."

"Don't do this Bella. Don't pull away from me. I can't handle it." He was shaking his head.

"No Jasper, you pulled away from me the night you decided to beat me. Get your shit together or get a divorce. I'm done with these meetings. I think it's just a way for you to see me. I'm done, you don't take responsibility in the meetings; our group ones or yours alone. I'm not doing it anymore. Don't ask to see me, you can keep seeing the kids as set up, for now." I turned and walked away with tears streaming down my face.

"Dad, I need to do this. I need some time for me. Thank you so much for keeping the kids." I hugged him and Sue goodbye. I was taking a much deserved weekend away.

"It's not that I don't want you to have time to yourself, I'm just worried because you'll be alone." He gave me his dad/police officer look.

"Dad, really. I'll be OK. I'm just going to the Salish Lodge and Spa. I'm going to relax, get a massage, facial, breakfast in bed and a wonderfully planned meal, all of which I don't have to cook." I smiled.

"Just be safe." Sue came up and hugged me.

Using my dad's famous last words "Always am." I kissed the kids and I was off.

My weekend away was amazing.

The view from my room was relaxing and breathtaking. I needed the serenity over what has been my life lately.

The massages were out of this world and I vowed to look into a masseuse when I returned home for regular visits. After my facial and make over I felt like a new woman, I knew what I had to do in order to get the children and I back on track.

Arriving at my parent's house I smiled when I heard the laughing coming from out back.

I walked on to the patio and watched as my dad wrestled with the boys and Sue sat with a sleeping Haley in her arms.

"MOMMY!" the boys screamed and ran towards me.

"Oh I missed you so much!" I hugged them tight.

"I like what you've done with your hair." Sue smiled at my shortened locks.

"Thanks, I had them make it more manageable. With three kids, it's just too much when it was that long."

"The color looks great too." Sue remarked.

"It's all mine. She put in a deep conditioner and with the cut and style, it brings out my highlights more."

I motioned for Haley and Sue lifted her to me. I nuzzled her head.

"I've come to a decision about Jasper and me." I sat down next to Sue.

"Oh?" She asked curiously.

"Yeah, I'm going to serve him with papers and full custody. No visitation. Maybe it'll wake him up to what he's actually losing." I shrugged.

"It might make him go off the deep end too." Sue reminded me.

"Maybe. But he hasn't apologized for what happened, he won't open up to the therapist. He just says what she wants to hear. Every time we leave therapy he wants to kiss me or be with me. I don't trust him enough for that." I stated.

"And you shouldn't. Just be careful, you've seen his wrath." She patted my leg.

Driving home with the kids that night I felt a lot lighter and more positive than before.

AN:

Short chapter, but next things will start exploding…

Reviews=Love


	20. Chapter 20

**My Paper Heart**

Chapter 20

It'd been three weeks since I'd served Jasper with divorce papers, sole custody papers and restraining order papers.

The lawyer, my dad and his deputies said they hadn't seen or heard from him since serving him with the papers, but they would keep an eye out for him and continue to check on his place.

I'd been forced to finally press charges against Jasper for him to get the help he needed and the proper restraining orders, but it worried me that no one, not even Edward knew where he was.

Edward came by to help a lot with the kids, as did my dad and Sue. The boys had been a handful lately and I was still trying to heal, emotionally from all this and be the mom they needed.

Watching the kids play in the backyard with my dad and Edward when the phone rings "This is Bella."

"Bella, this is your lawyer Mr. Rios." He explained quickly into the phone.

"Mr. Rios, yes. Hello." I sat up and motioned to Sue that I was going inside.

"I just wanted to inform you that we've received the divorce papers from your husband and he's not contesting anything." He informed me.

"Wow! That's great." I said in surprise.

"It is, but also we've seen these cases take a turn for the worst. Sometimes they do crazy things, so just be careful." He warned.

"Thank you. I will."

I walked back outside and filled in Sue and now my dad who were sitting there drinking a beer on what Mr. Rios had said.

"We'll keep an eye out on you, don't worry. It might be a good idea if you stay with us or someone stays with you for a few days." My dad sighed.

"What's up?" Edward asked walking up and dropping on the chair next to mine.

"Jasper, he finally signed the papers." I smiled.

"Great news!"

"Yeah, but now everyone thinks he'll try something." I shrugged.

"I agreed. I'll stay. Your couch makes into a bed, right?" Edward asked.

"Edward, you can't stay. If Jasper even thinks you're here, he'll blow a gasket."

"I really don't care. I'm your friend as much as his. I'm here for his protection too."

"I'm not going to win this argument am I?" I questioned.

"No. If not for you, for your kids." Edward smirked.

"That's playing dirty." I gave him a pouty look.

"That's called being a good friend." My dad gave a curt nod.

"What about Emmett and Rose?" I came back.

"Do you really want to deal with all their commotion?" Sue laughed.

"Commotion?" I raised a brow and she looked towards the kids.

"Ohhhh… Yeah, no. I don't need that. Fine, you can stay." I nodded my chin at Edward.

"I'll run home and get a few things and be back shortly."

"We'll still be here." My dad stated firmly.

"Let's get the boys cleaned up, they're pretty dirty from rolling in the dirt." Sue laughed at the twins as they ran up to get drinks.

"OK boys, bath time. Uncle Edward is coming back to have a sleep over with you. So, if you want pizza and popcorn, then you must be clean before he gets here. Got it!" I put on my best mom face.

"YEAH! Uncle Edward!" they were running to their bathroom and stripping in no time.

"Well that gets them moving." Sue laughed.

"Yeah, mention any of the male influences, but knowing they get to stay the night or someone is staying the night here and they're twice as excited." I shook my head.

"Well they need that in their lives." My dad stated as he started their bath.

"I know. I just wished it was…" I looked at both.

"As it should be, and maybe he'll get his act together someday. But right now, we'll all have to pull together and help out." Sue hugged me tightly as my dad bathed the boys.

I bathed Haley in my shower with me, that was one of her favorite things to do and it made for a much easier shower for me.

Slipping into sweats and a tank top and Haley her pajama's the boys were in the living room with mom and dad watching Finding Nemo as we walked in, and there was a knock on the door.

"Hey, did someone order pizza?" Edward asked.

The boys took off running to the kitchen.

"You know I need to start planning Haley's 1st birthday, right?" I asked Sue as we walked into the kitchen.

"I know, I can't believe she's almost a year, it's gone by too fast." Sue shook her head. "What are you thinking?"

"Just close family. Nothing large scale at all. I just don't have it in me." I confessed.

"Well, I'm with you. Haley staying with you and not going to daycare; he doesn't have a big circle of friends. Family only." Sue nodded.

"A cookout, cake, ice cream and a princess maybe? She likes to dress up."

"That sounds like fun." Sue agreed. "I can make a princess cake."

"Alright, it's settled."

We sat around talking about party stuff and different projects in general that needed to be fixed around my house in general that any of us could do and the things I'd have to hire someone to fix and to try and get them done before the party if possible.

"Alright boys, time for tooth brushing and then you can get your sleeping bags and we'll camp out in the living room tonight." Edward announced.

"Me too!" Haley exclaimed.

"Mommy can put your playpen down here and you can sleep in that, but I'm not chasing you around again princess." Edward kissed her forehead.

"OK. I'll go get it. But I'm sleeping in my bed." I laughed.

Walking back down stairs they're all piled on the couch watching Little Mermaid with Haley on Edward's lap and the boys on each side of him, I stopped short and tried not to cry. This should be Jasper, our family time. Our memories. But he had to screw that all up. Taking a deep breath, I continued walking down the stairs and set up the playpen and then sat on the love seat.

The children falling asleep before the end of the movie, I pick up Haley and place her in the playpen, then take Hudson and Edward takes Harrison and we place them in their sleeping bags.

Edward helps me check the house and set the alarms before climbing onto the couch bed.

"See you in the morning, get some rest." Edward smiles.

"You too." I nod at the kids and head upstairs.

Sleep comes quickly but doesn't last long.

I wake up to a pounding on the front door and screaming kids.

Edward is running up the stairs as fast as possible with all three kids crying.

"It's Jasper, he's at the door and sounds drunk. Call your dad and lock the door." He demands.

"Edward, stay in here until my dad arrives. If he's anything like last time, he'll hurt you like me." I begged.

"Bella, I don't want him thinking there's something between us."

"He's already thinking that if he's in a mood." I assured him.

"You're probably right." He sighed.

At that we heard a crash and shouting.

"I know Edward is here! I see his car!" Jasper was yelling as he was pounding up the stairs.

We heard sirens in the distance.

"I'm going to step out and talk to him." I looked at Edward. "My dad is almost here."

"That's not smart." He held me back.

"I'll be fine. Take the kids into the bathroom." I picked up a now sleeping Haley and walked her over to the bathroom and handed her to Edward. "You boys be good for Uncle and stay here. OK." They nodded and I took a deep breath as I reached for the door handle.

As I turned it, I came face to face with a very different looking Jasper. He was in total disarray. His hair was longer and didn't look as if it'd been washed for days, he had a beard and his clothes hung off his frame.

"Jasper. What have you done to yourself?" I asked.

"Me? I should be asking that of you? Changing your hair for Edward, are we?" he spat.

"What?" I questioned.

"You chopped off all your hair Bella and lost all your weight." He scoffed.

"I cut my hair because it was easier to do with three children and the same goes with the weight. Chasing three kids and all the stress I've been under, I was bound to lose weight." I poked his chest.

He grabbed me hand and squeezed it. "Don't fucking touch me, if you've touched him!"

"What are you talking about Jasper? Nothing is going on between Edward and I!" I shouted.

"Then why the fuck is he here?" he twisted my arm and pulled me towards him, right as my dad made it upstairs.

"Let her go Jasper." My dad had his gun on Jasper.

"Not until I get my answer." Jasper shouted.

"To protect us from you!" I cried.

Jasper dropped my arm and we both fell to the ground at the same time.

My dad tackled him and Jasper had tears flowing down his face as I laid holding my arm.

"I'm so sorry baby. So, so sorry." Jasper cried as my dad pulled him up.

"Dad, wait.!" I took a deep breath and tried to push myself up.

"Here, let me." My dad pulled me up gently.

"Will you get the help you need, please?" I asked Jasper.

"Yes." He nodded as I pressed my lips to his and we both sighed in contentment.

AN:

A long time coming…

Up next… Epilogue…

I hope you've enjoyed this ride!

Reviews=Love


End file.
